Mike Sackton: And Fausto join us.
Mike Sackton: No, I actually don't want Festa to join us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm excited.
Kate Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Alex.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it kind of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This building.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fine.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so where is my background? Here
Tim Sackton: I'm recording. Oh, music one. Sec.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just quickly skimming the plot of Dr. Faustus to look for
Eric Rosenbaum: character weaknesses that we can exploit.
Mike Sackton: And we just long rested. Am I right?
David S. Kong: No, that's fine for 50 seconds.
David S. Kong: Choice. Give me a second now.
Kate Sackton: Recently long rested, but then I plane shifted us, and Eric.
Tim Sackton: Did the whole. It's like it's like 11. You long rested before the.
Mike Sackton: We went to the okay, but we short rested on the boat.
Eric Rosenbaum: You short, rested on Vinyasharna before teleporting. Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: so should I be down any.
Tim Sackton: Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: Loads.
Tim Sackton: That reminds me. So before you teleported
Tim Sackton: Riswin cast here as feast.
Tim Sackton: so you gotta mark off your spell. Slot and mark off the
Tim Sackton: one of your chalices from your inventory, and then roll the bonus. Hit dice for everybody, and then
Tim Sackton: seeker cast teleport, so make sure you mark off for teleport.
Mike Sackton: Does aid, and heroes fees stack.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Stop.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'm gonna I may as well. We short rested right on the boat.
Tim Sackton: Did we? Yeah, okay.
Kate Sackton: Wait.
Kate Sackton: Sorry. No. You finished asking your question.
Mike Sackton: So everybody. So 3 of us may as well take
Mike Sackton: take an extra 20 above on top of Paris feast, so I don't know Kenzo
Mike Sackton: Razwyn and deal with maybe are the most vulnerable to hit point damage.
Mike Sackton: I know seeker is really like resume.
Mike Sackton: Maybe not, Rizwyn. Maybe Welby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry say again.
Mike Sackton: Bonus 20 hit points.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And say no.
Kate Sackton: And the hero's feast is 9 hit points.
Tim Sackton: So everybody gets 9 extra hit points. So go to. It's not temporary. Hit points. Go to
Tim Sackton: Where is that?
Mike Sackton: If you click on.
Eric Rosenbaum: They hit the word key modifier. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's 9. You said, Okay.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but but Kenzo and Welby take 29.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very good.
Mike Sackton: And everybody has heroic inspiration as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, and make sure to mark that that you've got it.
David S. Kong: So we add, how do we add the 29 hit points.
Mike Sackton: Click on the word hit points, and then where it says, Max, HP. Modifier down towards the bottom of the little window that pops up type 20.
David S. Kong: Yeah, okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then how many Runic inspirations are out there so.
Tim Sackton: Do you want to give them out before you teleport.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't usually do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you think it's good.
Mike Sackton: The advantage is, then you can use your reaction for something else like counterspell.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's like, I'm not usually reaction heavy, but counterspell, maybe
Mike Sackton: against Fausto. I think we're all good
Mike Sackton: to be just saving a reaction to constantly counterspell him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, probably.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, let's give them out. I have a total of 5. No, that can't be right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Proficiency bonus. That sounds great.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just the inspiration thing shows up in 2 places.
Kate Sackton: Hey, Tim, does it
Kate Sackton: do I also? Am I also still down my 7th level spot from the planer shift plane shift.
Tim Sackton: No. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, so I'll work off 4 inspirations, and I have one remaining.
Tim Sackton: So everybody's got one bardic inspiration, plus your heroic inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Super inspired, no.
Mike Sackton: I still have.
Mike Sackton: It's good to know. I still have a 7th level healing work from the Vintagerna.
Eric Rosenbaum: And wait. What are we about to do? We're about to go back to the ship.
Mike Sackton: No, we are. We teleported. At the end of last session we teleported from Vindersharna to the Temple in Drankor, and Fausto was standing there.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we were surprised. So we're not prepped for this.
Mike Sackton: Correct. We didn't know we weren't planning for a battle. We didn't cast any spells coming in. I mean, we would have.
Mike Sackton: We were planning on a battle, in that we were planning on going and killing a polyon, but not.
Eric Rosenbaum: So high.
Mike Sackton: 5 min.
Eric Rosenbaum: How did I know to give out all those inspirations before we made the jump? We were going someplace safe.
Tim Sackton: It's it's fine, just.
Mike Sackton: We were. We were planning on going somewhere safe and then immediately going to kill a polyon. So we weren't like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Correct.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a cat. Hello, cat!
Tim Sackton: We begin on May 24, th in the hot, humid.
Tim Sackton: tropical city of drink, or the air leading with moisture. As the sun rises towards noon.
Tim Sackton: far to the west, on the plains of Dunmar.
Tim Sackton: It is morning.
Tim Sackton: and the sun rises over burning grasslands, and the sound of thundering hoods in the dry heat of high summer fires, burn fast and easily.
Tim Sackton: Dunmari struggled to control their mounts in the face of the flames, and the wind seemed to shift treacherously.
Tim Sackton: driving the fire from the steely archers of the Chardonian Legion towards the fleeing Dunmari.
Tim Sackton: All is chaos, except a small but growing knot of mounted warriors surrounding a streaming banner, a golden spear on a
Tim Sackton: green background. Sarah's banner.
Tim Sackton: despite the screams and the heat, she holds her troops together as they raise ahead of the flames towards Tokra.
Tim Sackton: retreating in the face of the Chadernian war wizards.
Tim Sackton: A few 100 miles east the morning sun catches on a dust cloud well north of the city of Tokra.
Tim Sackton: a sign of a small stoneborn army.
Tim Sackton: small but mighty in martial prowess, marching with great haste.
Tim Sackton: Few Dunmari notice, however, for despite the morning hour, the streets are empty. The only sound, the screams of terror that occasionally rend the air, and the sour, acrid stench of Chelite and death
Tim Sackton: in Drankor itself doors of the at the doors of the great temple of the 8 Divines
Tim Sackton: we find our heroes face to face with 7 wizards in the robes of the Chardonian Legion.
Tim Sackton: A great night. Wait.
Mike Sackton: 7.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Fausto has his friends with him.
Mike Sackton: We didn't know that before, right.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: No, I'm telling you now.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: I mean. I think we assumed it because he was traveling with a party of people on the ship.
Mike Sackton: I didn't real. I had not processed that. Okay.
Tim Sackton: 7 in the robe of the Chardonian Legion, a gray knight in full plate armor, his face hidden behind his helmet, a purple mist hanging around his armor.
Tim Sackton: and Faustow, his young, handsome face twisted in rage, the iron and black iron and gray.
Tim Sackton: the crown of purity on his head.
Tim Sackton: grim determination and confidence in his eyes as he screams in rage.
Tim Sackton: you'll pay for the arrogance of what you've done, thinking to challenge our rightful King and Emperor.
Tim Sackton: and pure vermin like you will be wiped from the face of the earth and brings his hands up to begin casting a spell.
Tim Sackton: So let's put your tokens on the map.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wait! I should open. I better open.
Tim Sackton: I assume you would teleport like into the inside the temple.
Tim Sackton: so I'll put you like, you know, tier ash.
Tim Sackton: This is a very big mess.
Tim Sackton: There's a lot of space.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're using the minion rules for the nonpasted ice.
Tim Sackton: Just make sure that you have to be all next to each other, because when you teleport, that's
Tim Sackton: there's the 5 of you, and then we've got.
Tim Sackton: I know fast. It was oops.
Tim Sackton: Seriously.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's very.
Kate Sackton: There's here!
Eric Rosenbaum: It was not actually that giant.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that big.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm busy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where is another thing?
Kate Sackton: He puffs up when he throws a tantrum.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 2 spell spots for hair maintenance every day.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Expensive, but worth it. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Does anybody know how to get rid of the big boxes on roll 20 of all of our names.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bottom, left.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Settings for it.
Mike Sackton: Yes. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Nobody else can tell you, because I'm trying to put enemies on the map.
Mike Sackton: I couldn't find the setting when I looked
Mike Sackton: but I'm trying to have 2 windows open, and it kind of.
Tim Sackton: So, in fact, the 7 of the wizards.
Tim Sackton: the Chardonian War Legion are minions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Pretty strong opinions.
Eric Rosenbaum: They are, though.
Tim Sackton: But meaning rules are in effect
Tim Sackton: not so much for Fausto and the chelike knight.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, all right.
Kate Sackton: There look like there's 8 of them you keep saying 7.
Mike Sackton: They? There are 8.
Tim Sackton: Sorry there should only be 7, because he can only teleport 8 people in addition to himself.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: We begin.
Tim Sackton: Let me just get up. Make sure I've got all my stats up.
Mike Sackton: So is this just where we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, Hi!
Eric Rosenbaum: Weird!
Tim Sackton: That's just where you appeared.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Mike, it's in settings under audio video
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): video display player, video, avatar size switch to names only.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have that set already, and they're still there.
Eric Rosenbaum: But anyway.
Tim Sackton: I think there's like a small names and a big names. Option.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Names only is the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, and I'm the only one that has an avatar, which is my cat.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know if you see that. Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Always have it on like, super minimize.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay, I fixed it. Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sound.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a lot of questions about the setup here. But okay.
Tim Sackton: Take. I'll time you take 6 min to discuss your strategy.
Mike Sackton: Hold on before the 6 min starts. One quick question. These, these are arches that we can see through this line.
Tim Sackton: These are arches that you can see through. These are the 8 arches of like 8 divine.
David S. Kong: Okay. And then.
Mike Sackton: The part that doesn't have walls. That's just the open temple space.
Tim Sackton: That's behind you is just a giant. Open 10. Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: The height of the ceiling in the room that they're in is.
Tim Sackton: The ceiling in the room they're in is like alert
Tim Sackton: 30 feet. The ceiling in the room that you're in is like a hundred feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do the arches go to the full 100 foot height of the ceiling. We're in.
Tim Sackton: No, this. This is like an entry room, and then you step through the arches and the well. So
Tim Sackton: no, yeah, no. Once you get this part here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: Is not is only about 20 feet high, and it's like it doesn't go.
Mike Sackton: So the arches are like a second door almost, and then the wall comes up
Mike Sackton: so like if we flew up 20 feet we'd be looking at wall.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Okay?
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think
Mike Sackton: I think the strategy we all have decent hit point boost. I think we kill Bowstow.
Mike Sackton: I think we ignore the chat light night.
Mike Sackton: We gotta somebody. We gotta clear minions. I mean, we gotta get rid of those spellcasters will be problematic if we ignore them. But then.
Kate Sackton: I I intended to area of effect like Walla, fire them.
Kate Sackton: I was going to go with my lower
Kate Sackton: wall of fire because I was worried that
Kate Sackton: the 1st thing I do he might counterspell, so I don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: I agree.
Kate Sackton: Totally wasted. So I'm not going to do my 8th level spell as my 1st thing. I'm hoping he'll burn some spell slots and
Kate Sackton: lose enthusiasm for counterspelling.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we also have 3 spellcasters, and he can only counterspell one of us at a time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Right. He can't counterspell all 3 of our spells.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or in fact.
Mike Sackton: I could counterspell, I mean, the minions could have counterspell. That would be rough.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure would
Eric Rosenbaum: I could. Wall of fire! I could wall of stone them, or I could wall of fire with crystal magic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With the necklace of fireballs. Somebody's go.
Mike Sackton: That was, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Does. Got the knuckles to fire.
Mike Sackton: We should necklace of fireballs. That's a good 1st move, for Kenzo is a necklace of fireballs. Blast to take as many of the minions as you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a 30 foot radius. Is that true?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: If I can.
Eric Rosenbaum: We.
David S. Kong: If I can attack on melee, shouldn't I do that because I might be able to stun him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have we sulcided him.
Tim Sackton: In the past we have enrolled initiative.
Mike Sackton: Does wait. Well, we know we saw.
David S. Kong: Sal said him in the past, we totally did.
Mike Sackton: Didn't we soul site him when we fought him last time.
David S. Kong: Well, that's a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's still wise to source her.
Mike Sackton: But you should.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Again, is this like.
Tim Sackton: It is actually
Tim Sackton: we had. So, Tim, what what was this? What was the soul side from last time? I mean, it could have changed a little bit between now and then, but
Tim Sackton: last time he was like, I think, level 12
Tim Sackton: with good intelligence and or sorry level 11 he didn't. He had.
Tim Sackton: he definitely had a 5th Level spell. I actually don't think he had 6 level spells level 10.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bottom, then that would have been so much easier.
Mike Sackton: We tried to fight him.
Tim Sackton: You were level 8 at the time.
Mike Sackton: It didn't go that. Well.
Tim Sackton: He was level. 10. He had
Tim Sackton: good intelligence and wisdom, bad strength and Dex no resistances to anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bad strength, index no resistances. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Bad strength in Dex. Yeah. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Tim Sackton: That was like 10 months ago.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Counterspells 30 feet or 60 feet. I mean, I know I can check. But does anybody know offhand.
Tim Sackton: 60 feet.
Mike Sackton: Bad decks that's good to know.
Mike Sackton: You've got one more minute before you're willing to.
Mike Sackton: I think area effect. So I think the priority is area of effect, getting rid of the minions, because if they pepper us with spells we're dead.
Mike Sackton: So I do think necklace of fireballs is worth it.
Mike Sackton: and then close in on fester.
David S. Kong: Add the necklace of fireballs.
Mike Sackton: I think so.
Mike Sackton: And but we can see how the initiative plays out, and
Mike Sackton: I think area of effect spells as much as we can, and then clothes
Mike Sackton: to try and eliminate the minions. Then everybody just pile on Fausto
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But, oh, man, I mean to summon a construct to do some grappling like can.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, that should be my 1st move, probably.
Mike Sackton: You should get a construct to go get in the way of the Chaleite knight and keep it from bothering.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, but we we don't know how powerful it is.
Mike Sackton: Just I would go. I would go as.
Eric Rosenbaum: 7.
Mike Sackton: I would just assume this is going to be the hardest fight we fight today.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's a weird metagame thing. This is not the same day as the.
Mike Sackton: We were always planning on resting.
Mike Sackton: We were always planning on resting before we fought Apollyon.
Mike Sackton: Our whole intention was to teleport here and then rest tonight. So you got back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Mike Sackton: 7th level spell. So the plan stays. We're gonna rest before we fight a polyon burn.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to do an 8th level construct. That'll be my 1st move, because it can attack on the first.st All right, I have to calculate it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So everybody's scattered.
Mike Sackton: What?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Everybody's scattered.
Mike Sackton: So I was gonna cast. Scatter.
Mike Sackton: I think, is a good is probably a good opening move, which lets me pick 5 features and put them wherever we want, wherever I want.
Mike Sackton: but I'll play it by ear, depending on initiative.
Mike Sackton: Okay, anyways, too.
Tim Sackton: Role Initiative.
Eric Rosenbaum: So like stats.
Tim Sackton: So everybody is surprised, so just pretend nobody is surprised, so straight rolls for everybody. Our advantage normally would have advantage.
David S. Kong: Damn bad time to roll a 3 and a 4.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): My 1st natural 20 of the night.
Mike Sackton: Hell. Yeah. Good. Job.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Well, I'll be 30.
Tim Sackton: Risman 15
Tim Sackton: dealt with 8.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: 14.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Blessed roll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Also queue, so you can soul site and fireball out of the gate.
Mike Sackton: What's what's Brisbane?
Kate Sackton: 15.
Tim Sackton: Brisbane and Seeker are 15 seekers are dealt with.
Mike Sackton: I would. I would swap. Yeah, Kenzo going first.st I think.
David S. Kong: I'm.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, wait. You guys.
David S. Kong: Well, guys can, and inventory. But does anybody else have it?
David S. Kong: I could I could. I could have it, and just have forgotten to add it.
Tim Sackton: You, you might not have added that.
Mike Sackton: I don't think any of us added it.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Believe you have it, though.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: Alright! Let me find it.
Mike Sackton: I would have well be switch with Riswin and Kenzo switch.
Mike Sackton: You guys can both swap right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Because Welby should go as soon as possible, so that we all get advantage on attacks. I guess it doesn't matter, because nobody's going to make attack rolls. Never mind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You'll all get it on like. Whatever I hit this round, you'll get it till my turn next round.
Mike Sackton: Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry! Who's swapping? Kenzo is now 30.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: And nobody else is swapping.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I don't think it matters whether we do area of effect and then construct or construct and area of effect. So.
Mike Sackton: Now, and it will just be wait. I'll just make I'll just plan, based on what happens. So.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So Kenzo is first.st
David S. Kong: Alright, so.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Should I get into melee and then throw the throw the fireball thing.
Mike Sackton: Or the fireball. Then get into melee because you don't want to be in the fireball.
David S. Kong: Okay. Alright!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Through the fire.
Mike Sackton: Soul, sight! Throw the fireball.
David S. Kong: All right, so soul, site, Fausto.
Tim Sackton: All right.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo reaches out and soul sides fast, fast. He is level 1716.
David S. Kong: Oh, boy!
Mike Sackton: Ouch!
Mike Sackton: Okay. Phew! He doesn't have a 9th Level spell.
Tim Sackton: His best saves are now intelligence and constitution.
Tim Sackton: Worst saves have not changed, and when you look at him in your soul, fight, Kenzo. You see
Tim Sackton: from the Crown that he's wearing dozens upon dozens.
Tim Sackton: maybe as many as a hundred gray tendrils streaming out from his head.
Tim Sackton: Re 3 of them go towards the locket around Welby's neck.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, no, no, no, no.
Tim Sackton: One goes to the armored knight next to him. Most, however, seem to go far away into the distance.
David S. Kong: One goes into the lock. It says.
Mike Sackton: Those are the clients. No, no, no, it's the remember we have the 3.
Mike Sackton: And Tony sorry. I forget who it's the it's the.
David S. Kong: They're in the mirror. They're in the mirror.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, all right. All right. Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What are his worst saves again? I know they're unchanged, but whatever.
Mike Sackton: And.
Tim Sackton: Rank than decks.
David S. Kong: So fireball the necklace. It detonates a 3rd level fireball spell.
Mike Sackton: You use extra charges to do a higher one.
David S. Kong: I can. I can. There's so it has one d. 6 plus 3 beads hanging from it. So we know we ever just.
Tim Sackton: No, I I it's I said that it should be on
Tim Sackton: I mean, let me check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Each.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The trade-off, though, is each additional bead, you add, only adds another d. 6 of damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So it's versus if you press it as its own fireball. It's like.
Tim Sackton: Like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 86, or.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, fine. Just do just do one.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the range? Yeah, what's the range.
David S. Kong: Or not. The range the you know, 20 foot effect.
Mike Sackton: 20, foot, sphere.
David S. Kong: For a 30, for a 30, a 3rd level.
Tim Sackton: 8 charges. It has 8 charges right now.
Mike Sackton: So that sorry that.
David S. Kong: Get all of them. I can get all of them.
Mike Sackton: Get all of them.
David S. Kong: I do that.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So Kenza grabs, rips a bead off this necklace and hurls it.
Tim Sackton: What is the save.
Mike Sackton: DC. 15 decks.
Tim Sackton: Bausto, and the minions succeed. The Chalite knight fails.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: So roll, damage.
David S. Kong: How much? What's the damage?
Mike Sackton: 86.
David S. Kong: I like that!
Mike Sackton: Oh, wait! Manian rules mean they die if they take damage. No, they die. If they fail, they sell.
Tim Sackton: Fail, since they did not fail. You have to beat their actual hip point.
Mike Sackton: 25.
David S. Kong: 25.
Tim Sackton: Not a single minion drops dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: They have more than 12 hit points.
Tim Sackton: Basto, however, takes some damage.
Mike Sackton: I mean the minions take damage right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, they take damage. They all stagger back wounded. Sorry. Fasto takes 12. So
Tim Sackton: so many tabs. Okay, one.
David S. Kong: I feel like maybe not rushing in and just hit.
Mike Sackton: Well, we shouldn't all be. You gotta move somewhere.
Tim Sackton: Daylight. Night takes 25.
Mike Sackton: Because we don't. I mean being bounced, for Fausto is not ideal.
David S. Kong: I have a 65 move. Let me move
Mike Sackton: But I think you should engage festo and melee. I don't see the downside
Mike Sackton: like we're gonna have to do it. We're gonna want to surround him and start fighting him. That's how we kill him.
David S. Kong: Alright boom!
David S. Kong: Do I get a bonus action? Yeah. Can I? Bonus action.
Tim Sackton: That soul site.
Tim Sackton: But you remember you can make. If you spend a key, you can flurry of blows at the same time. You soul sight.
David S. Kong: Alright. I will definitely attack him. Then.
David S. Kong: Okay, do. I just get one flurry of blows.
Tim Sackton: Gloria blade is 3 attacks. But yeah, you just get your 3 punch attacks.
David S. Kong: Hell, yeah, let's do it.
David S. Kong: 19.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
David S. Kong: Nice. That does 11.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Oh, and I also I also spend a key to
David S. Kong: let me see here. You! Said Con, and int what's his worst? Sid.
Tim Sackton: Drink, strange.
David S. Kong: Strength. Index. Okay, cool. Then I will do.
David S. Kong: Oh, so I've con charisma and wisdom. What do you guys think he's good against Khan
David S. Kong: charisma, or wisdom are my other 2 options.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's so charismatic.
Mike Sackton: I would do wisdom.
David S. Kong: All right, let's do wisdom.
David S. Kong: So Tim, DC. 16. Frightening strike.
Tim Sackton: Succeeds.
David S. Kong: Don't!
Tim Sackton: Natural ap dice.
David S. Kong: Okay. Second sack.
David S. Kong: 19 hits again.
David S. Kong: That does another only 6 damage and then 3rd attack.
David S. Kong: 16.th
Tim Sackton: 16, hits.
David S. Kong: Oh, wow! All right, I like that. 15 nice.
Tim Sackton: As Kenzo's 3 punches stagger into Fasda, he looks up unfazed and turns towards
Tim Sackton: all of you.
David S. Kong: -Oh.
Tim Sackton: Casting a spell.
Mike Sackton: Counterspell.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I do that.
Mike Sackton: I think it's I mean, do you want to counterspell? Let's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Yes.
Mike Sackton: I mean some I'm asking seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I don't have a lot of experience with counterspell. What other.
Mike Sackton: The creature makes a DC. 9. Well, whatever your DC. Is, con, check.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's 18. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: DC. 18 con. Check. If he makes it, the spell fails. If he fails it. You've used the counterspell, and
Mike Sackton: I mean, if he makes it, it's good. If he fails it, it
Mike Sackton: if he makes it as bad. If he fails it, it's good right, it's just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have to say that I'm going to do it.
Mike Sackton: Correct before you know what the spell is.
Eric Rosenbaum: So now is the moment, yeah, let's do it. Do you have to pick the level of the counterspell or no?
Mike Sackton: No, there's no advantage in upcasting.
Tim Sackton: The level doesn't matter. It's just they make a save.
David S. Kong: The adventure.
Mike Sackton: You casting it is, it doesn't. You can burn a 3rd level slot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep, I.
Tim Sackton: Pass.
Eric Rosenbaum: At 3rd Level, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Understand.
Tim Sackton: Seeker as you try and twist the magic out of Fausto's grasp.
Tim Sackton: you fail to stop his spell.
Tim Sackton: Dalwith and Seeker, can you both make a wisdom save. But don't tell anybody but me what the role is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! How do I do that.
Tim Sackton: You can in roll 20. You can type slash
Tim Sackton: GM, roll one d. 20, plus whatever your wisdom is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wisdom is plus 0. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: okay.
Mike Sackton: Sorry I just went to get actual dice, because that's.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. You both have advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, on on this role.
Tim Sackton: On this role.
Mike Sackton: I'm just texting. You. Wait! Wait! Gia, is there a how do I do it? Directly.
Tim Sackton: You can text me.
Tim Sackton: Thanks to you.
Tim Sackton: Eric. I sent you a message on Zoom Mike. I also sent you a message.
David S. Kong: This tech wants you to really.
Tim Sackton: let's see, zoom, I don't see a message.
Tim Sackton: I'm type. Sorry I'm typing it.
Tim Sackton: okay, yeah, that was the clarity I needed.
Tim Sackton: Okay, seeker is next.
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker's eyes go a little bit glazed, and he spins around
Eric Rosenbaum: directly behind him to where
Eric Rosenbaum: rizwin is, and raises both of his arms, casting rune of psychic disruption.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man, I just saw the second part here.
Kate Sackton: Can I? Can? I cast a spell, magic as a counterspell.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: But you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Mike Sackton: Turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I was just looking at levels. I was going to use my 8th level splot for my attack, but I guess I'm going to use it for this. Instead.
Eric Rosenbaum: I cast rune of psychic disruption at 8th level.
Kate Sackton: Against me.
Tim Sackton: And make an intelligent saving throw.
Kate Sackton: 15.
Tim Sackton: Rizmin takes 38 points of psychic damage and is incapacitated until what the start of seeker's next turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: I also use my bonus action to provide a glowing mote of Runic inspiration to Faust ever.
Tim Sackton: And that ends seeker's turn.
Tim Sackton: Rezarin is in capacity. Oh, you can move, move towards Fausto.
David S. Kong: Wait, wait what happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can move towards okay.
David S. Kong: Eric just did what.
Mike Sackton: Bowstow is controlling seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's going great. So far, everybody
Eric Rosenbaum: do. I just move directly next to him.
Tim Sackton: No towards like towards the like, in the direction of the chelike night. So you're not.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo, do you have anything that can remove a charmed condition.
David S. Kong: Yes, I can touch him. Cleansing touch.
Mike Sackton: That remove charmed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't ring of the word of mind. Still.
Tim Sackton: That's why you had advantage.
Mike Sackton: No, you get an advantage anyway.
Mike Sackton: You get advantage, anyway. But ring of the word in mind. Oh, it gives you
Mike Sackton: extra advantage. It doesn't, doesn't do anything other than advantage advantage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Rizwyn is incapacitated, though. Cannot.
Tim Sackton: Weldy, you're up.
David S. Kong: Wait. Why is Brisbane incapacitated.
Mike Sackton: Because secret.
Kate Sackton: Because Seeker attacked me with an 8th level spell.
David S. Kong: Fuck.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Speaker.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That sucks a bunch all right.
David S. Kong: Really? Is there any? Was there any heroic inspiration, or what other thing that you could have done to avoid getting.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, did you.
Tim Sackton: You know you can't inspire yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, but I forgot about using the heroic inspiration. My own, save
Eric Rosenbaum: how do you do that? No, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can't enrich.
Tim Sackton: You can't use it.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, no, no, no! The human reroll. Ability.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that I.
Mike Sackton: Gave him.
Tim Sackton: Right. I I think it's too late.
Mike Sackton: But it's, I think, 2, 8.
David S. Kong: Guys, what are we doing here? What are we doing here?
Tim Sackton: It's Welby's term. What's Welby doing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, I'm using my clockwork amulet to roll 10 plus 10 plus 2. So it's a 22 on Fausto.
Tim Sackton: Dot hits I'm going to blind him. It's a DC. 18 deck, save. Oh.
Tim Sackton: wait! Sorry before you do that. Make a wisdom saving throw.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Real sorry, visible or not, I just rolled it visibly.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, no, no, visibly is fine. Okay. You resist
Tim Sackton: Fausto's instinctive charm, trying to divert your attack to somebody else and are able to make your attack against him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I just don't find him. That charming is the thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, damage is this minus? Hang on just a sec.
Tim Sackton: That's actually a somewhat difficult concentration, save to make.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, so sorry.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just checking this blinded. The cost is 3D. 6.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's minus, that's 28, minus 7.
Mike Sackton: 20.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One plus 13, and the save for blinded.
Tim Sackton: That's a deck, save.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, 18.
Tim Sackton: 19 on the dice luck point. Advantage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Tim Sackton: And then con so sorry. What was the total damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 2034.
Tim Sackton: 34. Okay, so that's a DC 17 concentration check.
Tim Sackton: Oh, just makes that okay. I'm going to section
Tim Sackton: 4 points of damage. And he is.
Tim Sackton: He is looking bloodied. At this point.
David S. Kong: That's do this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bonus action. I activate my boots of speed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and then I'm going to move 90, and I'll figure that out while the next person's going.
Tim Sackton: Okay. The next person are the war wizards.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit.
Tim Sackton: Who are going to.
Tim Sackton: Where are my notes?
Tim Sackton: They are going to move
Tim Sackton: To surround Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Oh, no, just like
David S. Kong: just like.
Tim Sackton: And then reach out and make a psychic grasp attack on you.
Tim Sackton: That's a natural one, so that does nothing.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Tim Sackton: That ends their turn. That was up.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Kenzo goes next. Right?
Tim Sackton: Well, the channel 8 night presumably goes now.
Mike Sackton: Oh, right chile at night. Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: And then Kenzo. So I'm hoping Kenzo can cleansing touch.
David S. Kong: Hey?
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'm gonna let's see, I'm gonna use a bonus action. The 1st thing I'm gonna do is use is move.
Mike Sackton: Hold on, hold on. I just gotta look at my spell for a sec.
Mike Sackton: When you let's see when the pack moves.
Mike Sackton: When you move on your turn you can. Okay. So I'm going to use a sorcery point to bonus action cast conjure animals.
David S. Kong: You put the cat away.
Mike Sackton: The, and then as my move, so that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Conjuring animals.
Mike Sackton: Well, it's a it conjures up. So you see, like these little ghostly links is appear all around me that are like slashing and attacking anybody who comes close to me.
Mike Sackton: Then I'm going to move the conjure animal thing.
Mike Sackton: 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: So it's going to be. Those 10 is going to be. It's going to move to there.
Mike Sackton: And so the the ghostly things are taking up that space.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And everybody in that space has to make a Vc 19, Dex saving throw.
Mike Sackton: And I'm pretty sure it's when the pack moves. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: when the pack moves within 10 feet of a creature, you can see.
Tim Sackton: So that minions fail. Fausto succeeds. It doesn't get the chelate knight correct.
Mike Sackton: It does not get the chain light. I mean, it's presented. In fact, it's not gone, but it doesn't get the chale light night.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: It's only 10 feet.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so nothing happens on success. 5 d. 10 on failure. Do I have to roll or do the minions just die.
Tim Sackton: No, they die, they auto die if they fail. A saving. Okay, so darwest lynxes just
Tim Sackton: lunge in to this pack of minions and this pack of wizards and tear them apart.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo also. Where is it?
Mike Sackton: No, no, it's choose. It's whoever you choose.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So now I'm going to move to here
Mike Sackton: and use my action to attack Fausto.
Mike Sackton: The 1st attack. I shouldn't get a roll on here, but my 12, I assume, Misses.
Tim Sackton: 12 misses.
Mike Sackton: Wait. I don't have advantage or anything, do I? Don't. I have advantage because Welby hit him.
David S. Kong: And achievement.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You have advantage.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And handover, inspiration.
Mike Sackton: And actually I'm going to use. So hold on. I rolled 2 12 s.
Mike Sackton: But that's whatever that's I'll reroll one of my 12 S. With my heroic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So that is a 22. So I assume those both hit.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: And 19 hits.
Mike Sackton: You probably need the damage in chunks, though right.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Mike Sackton: So it's 2D. 8 plus 5.
Tim Sackton: All right.
Tim Sackton: 1616 17 on the contract. So and you just add it all up because you're not gonna do more than 32 on one.
Mike Sackton: So it's 1613, 13.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Fausta's looking pretty wounded with these hits, but he doesn't really seem to care.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, cause he's gonna do something to get back to full health when he and let's see contract animals.
Tim Sackton: The knight is going to move here.
Mike Sackton: That it takes makes a deck safe.
Tim Sackton: Okay, 18.
Mike Sackton: That fails.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So he takes
Mike Sackton: 31 damage.
Tim Sackton: He is going to move here, and he is going to swing
Tim Sackton: with this giant greatsword at Kenzel.
David S. Kong: But.
Tim Sackton: The 1st one is a 27 to hit.
David S. Kong: Damn the process!
Tim Sackton: And that's gonna be 15 slashing plus or
Tim Sackton: teen necrotic damage. So 28 total damage.
David S. Kong: Except I deflect it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Hold on.
David S. Kong: So hold on to deflect it.
David S. Kong: Okay, roll one d. 10 plus 20.
David S. Kong: Sorry.
David S. Kong: 20. So 27. I deflect 27.
Tim Sackton: You still take 1 point of damage. And the force of this giant blade swing at you forces you to make a strength saving throw.
David S. Kong: 18.
Tim Sackton: 18.
David S. Kong: Yeah. You hold your ground as he swings again.
Tim Sackton: That's a 25 to hit.
David S. Kong: And and that time you take
Tim Sackton: 10 plus 5, 1121 points of damage. And you have to make another
Tim Sackton: strength saving throw.
David S. Kong: Dope?
David S. Kong: 7.
Tim Sackton: All right, knocked 10 feet back and prone.
David S. Kong: Should I use my my thing, or wait my reroll.
Mike Sackton: No, I wouldn't. That's fine, because you have plenty of move to still get to seeker.
David S. Kong: And I can still actually, guys, I just realized I can't. I can't. Cleansing touch charmed.
David S. Kong: I can do like deaf, blind like blah blah, but charmed I cannot, I cannot.
Mike Sackton: Oh, no! Really.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Moving, charmed.
Tim Sackton: I think, sister.
Eric Rosenbaum: For yourself.
David S. Kong: Only what.
Tim Sackton: You can. You're immune to term yourself.
David S. Kong: I'm immune to it myself. Yeah, I can only cleansing. Touch those other things, though, like blindness, paralysis, blah blah, but not charm.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that's.
Tim Sackton: This guy's gonna step towards dealt with.
Tim Sackton: and is going to punch you with his spiked gauntlet.
David S. Kong: No, I can't. I can't. Okay, sorry I can. I can attempt to end a spell targeting a creature.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: If it's 3rd 3rd level or lower, it ends automatically. Otherwise you must make a wisdom check against the DC. Of 10, plus the spells level, ending the spell on a success.
Mike Sackton: So that was.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: 18. What's your wisdom?
David S. Kong: 16 plus 3 modifier.
Mike Sackton: And it's with proficiency, too, presumably right.
David S. Kong: Oh, proficiency!
Mike Sackton: Or is it straight?
Tim Sackton: So it's like, dispel. It's a dispel magic.
Tim Sackton: It works exactly like, dispel magic.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: What I have to roll.
Tim Sackton: So you have to roll up. Well, you don't know what level spell it was, but if you assume it was the highest level slot.
David S. Kong: What's my.
Tim Sackton: And you have a plus 3. So you'd have to roll a 15 or higher.
Tim Sackton: But it's not back, so you can use your inspiration right? You're both.
Mike Sackton: Ready!
David S. Kong: All right.
Tim Sackton: Anyway. Doubt Scott, Hett.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, how much damage?
Tim Sackton: Wait! What did it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, fine. I.
Tim Sackton: With your spike gauntlet. It.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to cast. Wait! No, no, I'm casting shields. What did he roll.
Tim Sackton: Sorry he rolled. 27.
Mike Sackton: That would still hit. Yeah, I want to do. I want to wait. Hold on! When is
Mike Sackton: fast? It goes before me right.
Tim Sackton: That goes before you.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Okay. Now, I'll take the damage. It's fine.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So sorry. That's I'm giving you in 2 bunches because it's
Tim Sackton: bludgeoning, plus necrotic separate. So it's well. No, I guess it's all one. It's the same attack. So that's
Tim Sackton: 11 plus 13. That's 24 points of damage. So DC, 12.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah. I rolled in 18.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that ends the Chelite knights turn. We're back to the beginning for Kenzo.
David S. Kong: I will! I will!
Mike Sackton: We gotta get seeker free.
David S. Kong: Yeah, totally.
David S. Kong: So where's seeker? So first, st well, actually, I'll just move over to here.
Tim Sackton: Well, you're prone, so you've.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit.
Tim Sackton: Would say.
David S. Kong: Stand up!
Mike Sackton: And yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you could do that. 1, 2, 3. It's gonna be easier to get there. I think.
David S. Kong: Yeah? Where?
Mike Sackton: Year.
David S. Kong: No, but I want to touch secrets.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, seekers are here. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah. Right. There.
David S. Kong: Okay, yeah. So first, st I will touch seeker.
Tim Sackton: So roll d. 20 ad free.
David S. Kong: Oh, boy, oh, boy.
David S. Kong: rain, hell, yeah. 19.
Tim Sackton: Feel the spell breaking.
David S. Kong: You all kinds of dinner.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker looks kind of stunned, and spins around to look for Roswin.
David S. Kong: For witch, for riswind.
Mike Sackton: Well because he almost killed Riswin, or he tried to kill Riswin.
Mike Sackton: That's was that your is that your action.
David S. Kong: Hatch.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: So now can I bonus action, attack.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Alright! Let's do this shit again.
David S. Kong: Is his strength weak? Tim.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
David S. Kong: I'm gonna try to
David S. Kong: I'm going to try. And
David S. Kong: I'm gonna try to grapple him.
Tim Sackton: Passed over.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Isn't festo blind.
Mike Sackton: No, no! He made the save.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll try to. I'll try to grapple him right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Contact with advantage.
David S. Kong: Because target must succeed on a strength that chooses which saving throw, or it has a grapple condition. Yeah, right?
Tim Sackton: That just means he can't move.
David S. Kong: Maybe that's not useful. Would shoving him be useful.
Tim Sackton: Shoving them and knock them prone. That gives everybody else advantage.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's helpful.
David S. Kong: All right.
Tim Sackton: It gives Welby disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: Maybe not that helpful.
David S. Kong: Alright! Fuck it! I'll just attack him.
Mike Sackton: Just attack. Them. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Oh, no. 11.
Tim Sackton: That misses.
Mike Sackton: You have advantage. Roll again.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, ha! Ha!
Mike Sackton: Well, he hasn't gone yet.
David S. Kong: 23. That hits.
Tim Sackton: Hot hats.
David S. Kong: Thank you.
David S. Kong: 10 damage.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Bye, bye, okay.
David S. Kong: Set hold on second attack 28.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
David S. Kong: 1515 damage, and then 3rd attack.
Tim Sackton: Alright! So that was 10 damage 15 damage.
David S. Kong: 2929, 3rd attack does another 8 damage.
Tim Sackton: He staggers and begins to fall.
Tim Sackton: That?
Tim Sackton: Well, you feel connected solidly, and as you're watching him, one of these dozens of gray
Tim Sackton: tendril leaking from his crown.
Tim Sackton: snaps, and he stands, looks at you smiling with a bloody mouth, where you just put punched him, and just starts laughing hysterically.
David S. Kong: We gotta get the crown off him.
Tim Sackton: Think you can kill me, you fool!
David S. Kong: Yeah, sounds like a little bit.
Tim Sackton: Can somebody roll a d. 100. By the way.
David S. Kong: The fuck.
Mike Sackton: I just.
David S. Kong: 100.
Mike Sackton: 92.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: That ends Kenza's turn.
Tim Sackton: Faztel.
David S. Kong: No.
Kate Sackton: Our soul. Number 92 is just dead.
Tim Sackton: He is young, too.
David S. Kong: There you go!
David S. Kong: Oh.
Mike Sackton: Seeker hasn't gone yet. Oh, no, he didn't use his reaction. Seeker could use his reaction.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, what.
Tim Sackton: Seeker is now free.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, you're free.
Tim Sackton: Fasto is, however, going to cast a spell. Let's see.
Mike Sackton: I mean we should just, I mean, might not work. But we're better off counter spelling his spells. I.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry.
Mike Sackton: And I think it's better for seeker to use it, because it's just your 3rd level slots which you don't need for anything else.
Eric Rosenbaum: Counterspell.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so that's another.
Tim Sackton: That spell does not work.
Tim Sackton: He looks pissed.
Tim Sackton: That ends his turn seeker! You're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have we seen anything about this knight, the Chalite knight? Should I? Has he attacked.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, he did like, he does 3 attacks, 30 points of damage and attack. Basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I should still do the yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. But I can do it now only at lower level 6th level. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We also guys need a strategy for killing Fausto.
Mike Sackton: because I don't think we have the ability to kill him a hundred times.
Kate Sackton: Can I booming blade the ground to death?
Kate Sackton: Perhaps.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Could run over and try and grab the crown.
Eric Rosenbaum: I also think I have a crown of.
Mike Sackton: I mean grappling.
Eric Rosenbaum: Try.
Mike Sackton: Might be useful. I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we think it's it's gonna come up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We just pull it off.
Mike Sackton: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Irresistible curiosity. What if we blood, didn't it?
Eric Rosenbaum: If.
Mike Sackton: And if I had, I had force cage.
Eric Rosenbaum: And his wisdom, save is not his top save so I could try to do that in order to
Eric Rosenbaum: that would.
Mike Sackton: What is ears.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is what you're.
Mike Sackton: So you do. It just incapacitates.
Kate Sackton: Seriously. It's something I haven't really thought about. But can a dwarf hit a human in the head.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Charmed condition.
Kate Sackton: Just check.
Tim Sackton: I think your weapon is. You've got a long arm with your weapon.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not incapacitated. It's charmed.
Mike Sackton: But that's
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just reading it again.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the target stares distractedly at the rune and must expend all its movement to remain in the same place
Eric Rosenbaum: term condition.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's advantage on deck. Saving throws and attack rolls. Other creatures have advantage on attack rolls against it.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's it.
Kate Sackton: There's also intelligentness totally gone right? Because Speaker's back in control of himself.
Tim Sackton: Well, yeah, it ends at the end of beginning of Seeker's next turn, anyway. So it ends.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Oh, I can't pull it off with telekinesis.
Eric Rosenbaum: And can I? Performance of creation? A very large magnet.
Mike Sackton: Do we even know that that would work? I mean, we don't know that it's magnetic.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, it's a black metal.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Could be painted plastic.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you could try magic, powerful magic items, and possibly don't react the way that
Tim Sackton: you might expect. I mean, there are lots of strange metals in the world that are not necessarily
Tim Sackton: got it. Okay.
Kate Sackton: And you create a hair louse that then grows to gigantic size.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Kate Sackton: The crown pops off with the giant.
Mike Sackton: I mean, there's potentially a bunch of strategies for trying to incapacitate him. It's just tricky because
Mike Sackton: it's like constant.
Mike Sackton: It's just say it's like his saves are presumably decent. So it's hard to just wear down the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Another idea is knock off the crown, using a catapult.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I didn't see it.
Kate Sackton: Crown the whole head.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think, knocking, seeing if we can knock, trying to knock it off, I think is a good strategy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, maybe we can't, but it's worth knowing now.
Kate Sackton: Seeing if we can knock his head off his body is what I was going for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, can I use catapult in that way to try to knock the crown off.
Tim Sackton: yeah, I would give him advantage on the save.
David S. Kong: Sounds, like.
David S. Kong: I was like, oh, shit.
Tim Sackton: You met.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: Carefully.
David S. Kong: 6 30, I mean.
Mike Sackton: You could run over to here and catapult this way, so that if he makes
Mike Sackton: the save it hits the night.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's an awesome idea. Always ask Mike what to do. Okay, so Seeker will run around
Eric Rosenbaum: a little further. Can I get there? Probably.
Tim Sackton: They didn't even think that.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: You're there. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. You can even be one more.
David S. Kong: If you want.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, I do. I do want that
David S. Kong: Here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bravely. Okay, and then I can cast catapult at.
David S. Kong: But, like, you know, Melatonin is not really all that strong.
Eric Rosenbaum: 6.
David S. Kong: I think that maybe that.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. I can cast catapult at 6th level. Do I need to do that, though?
Mike Sackton: I.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike Sackton: It seems I doubt I wouldn't. I'd save. I'd cast that like 4th or 3.rd
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Maybe even second, I don't know that it needs kill the upcast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does that? I guess that's a question for Tim. Does that affect its likelihood to actually take the crown off
Eric Rosenbaum: the amount of damage.
David S. Kong: What are you? Kind of, nephew?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, what item, what object is being launched.
David S. Kong: Oh, wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I still have? That didn't mean
Eric Rosenbaum: metal chain net that I made
Eric Rosenbaum: had made it like Second Level.
Tim Sackton: Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: Too large to catapult, wouldn't it?
Tim Sackton: The chain net. Yes, you still do have the chain net in your inventory.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because that would be a good thing to like
Eric Rosenbaum: sort of like, tangle up the actual crown and pull it off.
Eric Rosenbaum: It says, object up to 5 pounds.
David S. Kong: It's so funny that they locked out with bottles.
Tim Sackton: That's fine!
David S. Kong: The hosting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so I will use the chain. Now.
David S. Kong: And so then I haven't happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's from the heat metal days, and our cat.
David S. Kong: Catapult.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bolt at. I'll use 5th Level.
David S. Kong: Oh, man.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Exactly.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here is a deck! 6 0! And then.
David S. Kong: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry, the glove.
David S. Kong: It's like the one I do, or DAG.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a sec.
David S. Kong: Oh, God, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just use the glove of crystallized magic.
David S. Kong: It's supposed to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: To
David S. Kong: That you get like the effect.
David S. Kong: But I'm like I.
Eric Rosenbaum: Flavor the spell with fire, so I get.
David S. Kong: Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: 2D. 10 fire damage, additionally.
David S. Kong: When it's on my back. It was like.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: He makes the safe ducks out of the way.
Tim Sackton: The chelite night does not.
Tim Sackton: So the flaming Nat crashes into the Chelite night.
Tim Sackton: who takes 30 points of bludgeon damage and.
Eric Rosenbaum: The additional 2D. 10, which I'll roll
Eric Rosenbaum: to 6.
Tim Sackton: And 6 points of fire damage and kind of shakes his South angrily, looking
Tim Sackton: not quite bloody, but certainly hurt.
Tim Sackton: Are you doing anything with your bonus action, raise one's next. Then Welby.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think I have anything I can do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: But that ends Seeker's turn. As Fausto looks around.
Tim Sackton: still kind of laughing through his split lip, totally unconcerned
Tim Sackton: about his position in this fight.
Tim Sackton: So, Kate, what does this one do.
Kate Sackton: I use my 30 feet of movement to
Kate Sackton: run up next to him, and I whack at his head with shatterstorm.
Tim Sackton: Trying to knock the crown off.
Kate Sackton: Trying to break his skull open and knock the crown off. You know that side of the head like.
David S. Kong: Let's go first.st
Kate Sackton: As much damage as I can inflict. Sort of
Kate Sackton: not. What's just this? Knock the crown off nonsense
Kate Sackton: like? Yes, try to knock the crown off, but also try to just
Kate Sackton: break up the whole situation, head from shoulders, parts of head from other parts of head. I don't care.
Tim Sackton: Make your attack
Tim Sackton: that hits Robbie's next.
Tim Sackton: so, as you smack him hard, has had.
Tim Sackton: you hear, like a crack of bone, and he turns, and he looks over at you as another
Tim Sackton: another gray thread shatters, and he just looks the
Tim Sackton: place where his bone cracked, shifting back into place.
Mike Sackton: Is he what he badly hurt.
Tim Sackton: No, I mean he doesn't. There's blood all over him, but he doesn't seem to have any wounds.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we just have to do this 98, more times.
Kate Sackton: So that the and the crown didn't budge during all that thunder damage, and.
Mike Sackton: Wait!
Kate Sackton: Radiant.
Mike Sackton: The soul site tell us anything about hit points? I thought it did, did it? Does it not? Anymore.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: no, the crown, I mean the crown did not budge.
Mike Sackton: I'm just trying to understand, like he didn't use any of the.
Mike Sackton: He didn't use any of the ray Brads
Mike Sackton: the 1st 5 times we damaged him.
Mike Sackton: and then Kenzo knocked would have killed him, and he used a gray thread. And now Rizwyn just did what, how much damage? 20 something!
Mike Sackton: And he used it, and he used to another one.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: So is it reasonable to assume that implies his hit. Points are lower than full are now.
Tim Sackton: It's reasonable
Tim Sackton: that ends Reswyn's turn, Robbie, that with us next.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Should I do more damage, or should I try and pull the crown off his head? Do you think.
Mike Sackton: I was going to cast sleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll do more damage then.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I don't know if it matters.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Damage. So maybe maybe try it. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that case, I'm going to run over.
Mike Sackton: But blinding him, would certainly help.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh!
Kate Sackton: My blinding him spell is a 60 foot radius, so we're all too close to him.
Kate Sackton: or a 30 foot radius.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I'm gonna try pulling it off.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Have you?
Kate Sackton: Oh!
Kate Sackton: I'm dealing with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Mechanically. What do I do?
Tim Sackton: I'd say, like a contested slate of hand check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tested sleight of hand check.
Kate Sackton: With you could do a scatter, and then I could.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes. Can I use my runikins.
Kate Sackton: Reverse, winding thing.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you can.
Tim Sackton: He can as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, that's true.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One g. 10. Once. Is that true.
Tim Sackton: Wendy one d. 12 twice, and take the higher
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's a 17 for me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oof.
Tim Sackton: I'll be.
Mike Sackton: Do you want to use human?
Mike Sackton: Your heroic inspiration from dealt your reroll? You only rolled a 6.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I will. Yes, that's a great.
Mike Sackton: Mean it could be worse, but chances are it'll be better.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here we go! Here comes sleight of hand. One more time.
Mike Sackton: It was worse, it was worse.
Mike Sackton: Wait, yeah. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Oh, you rolled a 1 and a 3.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that was a bad move. Sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Both of the rerolls were worse. That's funny.
Eric Rosenbaum: Brutal.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Raw 17 is not terrible.
Mike Sackton: I have no use the worst one.
Tim Sackton: You have to use the new one.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that's funny. Yeah, 14 is not terrible. 14 the worst ever.
Tim Sackton: Teen is what he rolled so in a tie nothing changes.
Tim Sackton: and the crown is still on his head.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right, all cunning action, disengage and move away the rest of my move.
Tim Sackton: That brings up, deal with.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Mike Sackton: The knight and him have to make saves.
Tim Sackton: What safe.
Mike Sackton: Dex, this is the contra animal, so let me just double check. I'm pretty sure if they're in.
Mike Sackton: Oh, Helen, creature, you can see, and whenever a creature you can see enters a space oh, sorry ends its turn.
Mike Sackton: But it only has. Dell. Sorry Fausto has to make a role at the end of his turn.
Tim Sackton: Okay. 17.
Mike Sackton: Fails.
Mike Sackton: He takes 5 to 10 hold on.
Tim Sackton: Another gray line shatters.
Mike Sackton: Okay, okay, I'm going to cast sleep.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna I'm gonna use a I'm gonna use a sorcery point so that I still have my action if I think I need it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Actually, it's 2 sorcery points.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'm casting sleep.
Mike Sackton: Are we still in Colorado? We were still using the old school. Sleep rules.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: I have mixed feelings. I don't. I don't actually care. You can choose. I think we should probably switch to the new rules, but
Tim Sackton: it's up to you.
Mike Sackton: I mean the advantage of the old school is, it works reliably against weak people.
Mike Sackton: I always have liked the old school sleep, but
Mike Sackton: if you really want to change it, we can.
Tim Sackton: No, I don't care.
Mike Sackton: All right, so do do do do. Maybe this is a bad move, but I assume
Mike Sackton: what is it,
Mike Sackton: babe?
Mike Sackton: For? Like a second.
Mike Sackton: Well, first, st so 2, 3, 4, 5, 4. That's 8.
David S. Kong: That's all.
Mike Sackton: Lot of the 8? Does he have 56 hit points.
Tim Sackton: Wait! Are you sorry? You you're casting this as a bonus action.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: He will counterspell.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: We had nobody to instinctively react this time. So.
Mike Sackton: And I have 15, but I have my bardic inspiration, which is for saves. It's 1 d. 12.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so 26.
Tim Sackton: Okay. The spell works.
Mike Sackton: I assume it does.
Tim Sackton: Lumps to the ground.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I will use my action to take the crown off his head.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Mike Sackton: Does that work.
Tim Sackton: make a
Tim Sackton: let's see.
Mike Sackton: I mean the chaos knight is going to wake him up on the chaos knight's turn.
Tim Sackton: Make a charisma saving throw.
Mike Sackton: That I'm at least good at World One.
Mike Sackton: There's no way I can reroll that, though I don't think
Mike Sackton: I used my. I used it. I used it on an attack. I'm pretty sure.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you did use your heroic on an attack.
Mike Sackton: And I just used my Bardeck, and you don't have any Bardic's left right.
Eric Rosenbaum: They are gone. That's correct.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You reach out and grab the crown, there is a massive blast of psychic
Tim Sackton: backlash against you. Take 40 points of psychic damage, and you are thrown 40 feet backwards.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the.
Tim Sackton: I'm land prone.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that's not ideal. Wait, where's my
Mike Sackton: 40 feet? That's a long way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This. Good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, don't.
Tim Sackton: Did not get the crown.
Tim Sackton: Is sleep. Is sleep. Is not concentration correct?
Mike Sackton: Sleep is not concentration. Now.
Tim Sackton: But the.
Mike Sackton: The conjure animals.
Tim Sackton: Conjure animal bed, and that is gone.
Mike Sackton: I get advantage. But that's not gonna that make ends on.
Mike Sackton: It's not worth keeping it.
Tim Sackton: The trail at night.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's his action to wake him up. But yeah, I believe yes.
Tim Sackton: Halite night will reach down Nudge Razdo awake.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't have any good bonus actions, and then we'll turn and stand weapons drawn, facing off against
Tim Sackton: everybody. Kenzo, you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, let's get that. So.
David S. Kong: Yeah, how can I just try to get the crown, Tim? So they're like acrobatics or.
Tim Sackton: Rabbit slate of hand that almost works. Bobby.
David S. Kong: I mean, I'm a fucking monk. I should be able to do some. You know, I should have some good abilities for doing something like this? Yeah, grabbing a crown out of the head. What ability? Check.
Tim Sackton: So it's dex.
David S. Kong: Okay?
David S. Kong: So just like my deck. Proficiency.
Tim Sackton: Slate of hand, the skill slate of hand.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, I'll rock with that as an action.
Tim Sackton: Yep as an action.
David S. Kong: Alright! Let's do it!
Tim Sackton: And so he has to roll. But he is not good at decks.
Mike Sackton: He's also prone at the moment.
David S. Kong: Okay. 16.
Tim Sackton: And he used his inspiration already, so he has no more Runic inspiration.
David S. Kong: Alright. I roll the 16. I still have my running inspiration, so I'll use that up.
Tim Sackton: Know that he he rolled a 6 plus 0. No inspiration.
David S. Kong: Hell, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Make a charisma saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, boy!
David S. Kong: There isn't a standard here.
Eric Rosenbaum: This year your inspiration for.
David S. Kong: 13.
Mike Sackton: I used your well. You can wait till you see if you failed before you.
Tim Sackton: That fails.
Mike Sackton: I would use your inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, you might. You might.
David S. Kong: Wait. Wait! Oh, I remember, Tim, I'm immune to like everything.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but if you don't make the save, you can't take the crown.
Tim Sackton: Are you immune to psychic damage?
Tim Sackton: I don't think so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright!
David S. Kong: Roll, one d. 12. Right for the for the inspiration.
David S. Kong: 11. 0, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Tens and forms reaches out and grabs onto the crown.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Kong, we gotta go into a breakout room.
David S. Kong: What? What! Wait? Do I put the crown on.
Tim Sackton: No, you just grabbed it.
David S. Kong: I know. But am I the new Fausto? Do I get to like oh, wow! We go to a breakout room.
David S. Kong: It's exciting.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think.
David S. Kong: Guys. Well, I'll see you wait. Am I? Now? Do I get left there now?
David S. Kong: It's been a really fun game.
David S. Kong: Campaign's been great guys 4 years really appreciated all the good times.
Kate Sackton: Switching sides.
Kate Sackton: We'll pray for you.
David S. Kong: Oh, no, I'm joining a breakout room. Oh, no, okay.
Tim Sackton: Wait! How do I can join it, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man, wow! So that's exciting.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we should do like a little retro
Eric Rosenbaum: on, you know, a little post-mortem on the combat, because I think if you just try to sum up, everyone's overall effectiveness, mine would be like
Eric Rosenbaum: really negative.
Kate Sackton: You were very effective against me. Yes.
Mike Sackton: Good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that was, that was brutal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: So, Dallas, what about your like, shadow sword? Can't you just cut his head off.
Mike Sackton: No cause. When he takes enough damage to fall below
Mike Sackton: one hit point he breaks the thing and goes, and his neck would just re reattach.
Kate Sackton: Really.
Mike Sackton: Yep, that's idea.
Kate Sackton: Penzo runs with the head.
Mike Sackton: Beep probably should have tried to drag him away sleeping before I tried to take the crown.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can we put him in the mirror while he's asleep?
Mike Sackton: Well, he's a make now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well.
Mike Sackton: I could kind of sleep again hopefully, it won't be necessary.
Kate Sackton: It was our best thing so far.
Kate Sackton: You getting ready to sleep. Cancers.
Mike Sackton: Kenzel? No, because he has too many hit points.
Kate Sackton: Oh!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you think is happening to Kenzo in there?
Kate Sackton: Oh, he has to fight a battle of conscience against the shadow crown.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think he's finally coming to see how how much he actually loves Chardon, and wants to see the Empire expand and thrive.
Eric Rosenbaum: So wait. What was happening with the d. 100 and all the 10, the 10.
Mike Sackton: I don't know.
Kate Sackton: He, he only had the d 100 thing happen once, so.
Mike Sackton: No, he's been. Tim's been. Tim's been rolling it himself.
Kate Sackton: Oh, okay.
Kate Sackton: I mean, presumably they're connected to all the cleanse. He's decided that that's roughly a hundred, and we might know one of them, so he might mention. Oh, you just killed Antonia, or something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So why, why, again, did a tendril go into the locket.
Mike Sackton: Because there's 3 of the cleansed Hector and Vola and somebody else.
Mike Sackton: the the badge, the the whole party that Cadmos was leading.
Mike Sackton: We have so treated that as a let's just put things in here and forget things
Mike Sackton: absolutely. Why solve problems when you could stick them in a mirror and solve them.
Mike Sackton: Is there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yourself. It's like a very mirror of compartmentalization.
Mike Sackton: It really really is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. So he's using each of the souls of the cleanse to replenish his own.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, instead of dying. But I think he probably snaps back to 10 hit points or something like that not full. He's obviously not going back to full health.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you think they're dying instead, like, do we have.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): People.
Mike Sackton: My! My guess is he's
Mike Sackton: that's why he's rolling d 100 to see if he kills anybody we know.
Mike Sackton: like Vola's probably 5, and Hector's 15.
Kate Sackton: I'm pretty sure he'll mention it if we kill somebody he knows. I think we know.
Mike Sackton: He will, too. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or the D 100 is more like a random effects table, because it's this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: No, but we. We saw one of the threads disappear each time, like Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right snap. But I guess each time one of those
Eric Rosenbaum: is used there's some random side effect, maybe some of the time, or maybe it fails. Some tiny proportion of the time.
Mike Sackton: I'm pretty sure he's just rolling to see if we kill one of the 3 people in the locket, but
Mike Sackton: that would be my strong suspicion.
Kate Sackton: Do we know any other cleanse that we don't have in the locket? My! My cleansed Laura is a little.
Mike Sackton: I I don't know. It wouldn't put me past Tim to have a table of 26 people
Mike Sackton: that we've met who are now cleansed. He's rolling to see if we've killed any of them. I'm sure the cleanse die like that makes perfect sense.
Mike Sackton: You don't just get your hit points back without something bad happened. You know there's a cost, so I bet you anything the cleansed are dying.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you're saying Kenzo could use that crown
Eric Rosenbaum: to protect himself now, using the cleansed.
Mike Sackton: It. It's possible that the only way to
Mike Sackton: succeed here is to attune to their crown yourself.
Mike Sackton: It's like a battle of wills, and Kenz is gonna come back wearing the crown, and then, you know, we'll see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dude.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's gonna get weird. They've been in there a while already.
Kate Sackton: Or maybe he's individually guiding all the souls back to their final homes.
Mike Sackton: That's that's very optimistic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe Kenzo, who has always dreamed of conquest and destruction, is resisting the urge to conquest and destruction.
Mike Sackton: Maybe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let me grab some water. I'll be right back.
Eric Rosenbaum: I realized too late that I do have something called hey? What is it?
Eric Rosenbaum: I just never used it before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Counter charm!
Eric Rosenbaum: What does that say?
Eric Rosenbaum: If you or a creature within 30 fate fails, a saving throw against an effect that applies the charm to frightened condition, you can take a reaction to cause the save to be rerolled with advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would help at that point I possibly had already used my reaction for a counterspell. Is that true?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it is true.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I couldn't have done it anyway.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled with advantage and got a 16 heroic inspiration would have had a 20% chance that I rolled something higher. But I don't know what the DC. Was.
Mike Sackton: Playlist I mean, if he's a typical
Mike Sackton: 16th level caster it would be 18.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I would have had a 10% chance.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: To succeed with, even with the.
Mike Sackton: I mean with your wisdom, plus it's probably only a plus.
Eric Rosenbaum: 0.
Mike Sackton: Plus 0. So DC, 18 plus 0, you're almost always going to fail anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: You actually really need Bardic, not
Mike Sackton: Barnick. Inspiration is much stronger than heroic because of ads. Right? So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep. Yep.
Mike Sackton: But you can't inspire yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sadly, no.
Mike Sackton: That's too bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, no, that was that was kind of brutal.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was kind of awesome, though.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah. You know, it was. It was.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean especially that I he also made me give him the my last inspirations.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, used it. Yes, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, no, it was good.
Kate Sackton: Like the noogie after the wedgie.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
Mike Sackton: A doubled up dominate.
Mike Sackton: It's only a 5th level.
Tim Sackton: Momentarily. You see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, Kong, why are you wearing that on your head now?
Tim Sackton: Looks good on you. Hold on one thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How you feel about charting now.
David S. Kong: Oh, you'll see!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, boy!
Tim Sackton: Kong, I just sent you a message.
Kate Sackton: It's a breakout room with an enough.
Tim Sackton: I forgot one thing. So
Tim Sackton: as Kenzo's hand clasps around the crown, you see.
Tim Sackton: Well, the rest of you actually don't see it. You see a a flash for a moment.
Tim Sackton: Like a sort of it's not a visible flash. It's a wave of some kind of
Tim Sackton: psychic energy, and then stands holding onto the crown, and the Chalite knight turns to kneel before Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Fazdao turns.
David S. Kong: We're not telling you that already.
Tim Sackton: Terrified.
David S. Kong: Tomorrow.
Tim Sackton: Looking at Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Is not currently a candidate for.
Tim Sackton: As the blood drains from his body, no longer connected to the crown, and he begins to sink to his knees and then fall forward.
David S. Kong: 6 months to a year, get to the wrong way, and then we can reapproach.
Tim Sackton: Night remains kneeling.
David S. Kong: Wait! Who thought? Who fell forward dead.
Tim Sackton: Basto! He's no longer attuned to the crown. He can't stay alive.
David S. Kong: Let me take a look at
David S. Kong: you gotta be. He's got to see.
David S. Kong: Oh, sorry! Hold on my hold on! Let me let me try to adjust my headphone situation. Sorry.
David S. Kong: awesome stuff.
David S. Kong: Give me one second here hopefully, that worked.
David S. Kong: Hold on. Sorry, guys, there is.
David S. Kong: You guys hear me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep. Yep.
David S. Kong: Okay, wait. So Fausto is now dead.
Tim Sackton: But as though his dad.
David S. Kong: Is, that.
Mike Sackton: Log, lick the cake cats out.
David S. Kong: And Tim so so I'm just wearing the crown right.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is wearing the crown. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
David S. Kong: Yeah, and I. But otherwise I.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you feel fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kenzo! Hi!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hey!
David S. Kong: Yeah. So that's good.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, no. That was a good grab.
David S. Kong: So I think I just ended the Chardonian Civil War.
David S. Kong: I think I just I just I just stopped that war just now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would you do that.
Kate Sackton: The who there.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I told. I told the generals to surrender, and they did.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To who.
David S. Kong: The den Mari.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's that's.
David S. Kong: I think that's what happened. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Mike Sackton: It might be good if you took that off, Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Also. But
David S. Kong: I I have the I have the night. Get into like a lotus meditation position.
Tim Sackton: The night starts meditating.
David S. Kong: He is at peace now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This, this is good.
David S. Kong: I think I think it is. I feel fine.
David S. Kong: I don't feel evil
Eric Rosenbaum: I put on my goggles.
Tim Sackton: What! What are you looking for.
Eric Rosenbaum: I probably have my daily identify so I could use that
Eric Rosenbaum: but I will. But 1st we'll role play a little bit. I I
Eric Rosenbaum: I was 30 feet away. So I'll I'll sort of stroll
Eric Rosenbaum: over cautiously and say, Kenzo, I'm I'm just gonna have a look. Is that okay with you?
David S. Kong: Totally fine. Yeah. Can can I take it? I can't take it off, or can I take it off.
Tim Sackton: You can take it off. You can't unattune from it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
David S. Kong: I'm using it.
Tim Sackton: Fight you for it if they want to.
David S. Kong: Okay
David S. Kong: the oh, I needed to do. I need to use it. I have to, unattuned to something else now, though right.
Tim Sackton: You need to use an attunement slot.
David S. Kong: Shit.
David S. Kong: So to give up something.
David S. Kong: yeah, you know it was it was an interesting moment grabbing that crown. I had a
David S. Kong: some visions of some possible futures, and I made a choice.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's your
David S. Kong: What was my choice?
Mike Sackton: We lost you there, Eric.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, I just trying to say, what was your choice?
David S. Kong: You know.
David S. Kong: I think this crown it was not made by Polyon.
David S. Kong: I don't know who made it, but
David S. Kong: I don't know. I don't know.
David S. Kong: I think
David S. Kong: I did the best that I could.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm casting identify meanwhile with the goggles.
Kate Sackton: Their historical mirror, retortion.
David S. Kong: That'd be useful.
David S. Kong: That'd be super useful.
David S. Kong: So Kenzo, like takes the crown off his head. And just you know, it's kind of looking at it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What if Kenzo? And this is just a hypothetical? I'm not proposing that we do. What? What if we just put it in the hole for safekeeping.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and just let it let it hang out there, so no one else can grab it.
David S. Kong: Oh, we could do that. We could do that. We should decide. Hey, Tim? Who, I guess maybe I should write, write this to you privately. But yeah, I'll write to you privately.
Tim Sackton: So let's see, I'm looking at when you
Tim Sackton: use the mirror.
David S. Kong: We'll be just so, you know, I.
Tim Sackton: 19, so.
David S. Kong: I genuinely
David S. Kong: I genuinely this is different than the scepter like I genuinely feel fine. I think,
David S. Kong: at least so far
Eric Rosenbaum: Or as you can tell.
David S. Kong: Huh!
Mike Sackton: I think
David S. Kong: We can do that. That's fine.
Kate Sackton: Can you release the people who are bound to the Crown now that you're attuned to it?
Kate Sackton: If you interacted with, say, Vola or somebody who didn't want to be in that commitment any longer.
Kate Sackton: Imagine I could.
David S. Kong: I imagine I could.
Mike Sackton: And you release all of them.
David S. Kong: As far as I can tell, I have connections to this guy.
David S. Kong: The folks in the necklace, and then just a few other adventurers that are around the world.
David S. Kong: the Chardonian general was a was a big one. And oh, I I can sense actually, yeah, there, there's other Chardonians as well that I have some.
David S. Kong: some that
David S. Kong: I I think me feeling through it. Yeah, maybe there might be about a hundred people right now
David S. Kong: that I feel like I can manipulate.
Mike Sackton: Let's try releasing them.
David S. Kong: You want me to release them.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: All a hundred of them. The Chardonians.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We know what if we start with one and see how it goes?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's gonna be someone innocuous out there.
David S. Kong: I scan. I scan around who's who's the most innocuous one? They're just like a barkeeper, you know.
Tim Sackton: So there's, you know, there's like a couple of Chardonians sort of minor port officials.
David S. Kong: Cool. I'll do that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We've also got. We've got the 3 people in the mirror, too. We could pull one of them out and release them and see what happens?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's another option.
David S. Kong: I'm pretty sure I know what will happen. I mean, once I release them, the the my thread of control is cut, and then they're just back to their own free will.
David S. Kong: which is bad.
David S. Kong: Well, depending on. Oh, oh, holy fuck! Okay.
David S. Kong: wow! Okay, yeah. Apparently I cannot release them.
David S. Kong: but I can't tell them to act like themselves.
Kate Sackton: So you were able to intuit what would happen without actually having to experiment on it, which is good because we might have hurt somebody.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Trails off questioningly.
Tim Sackton: Speaker.
Tim Sackton: At the moment examining the crown.
David S. Kong: The only one I gave any explicit commands to is the Chardonian General, because he was asking me for some what to do next, and I just told him to surrender.
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: of.
David S. Kong: Metagame Metagame.
David S. Kong: I had the choice whether to destroy the crown or put it on. And I was like, you know, it's like, it's like you gotta.
Mike Sackton: I.
David S. Kong: I kind of channeled Welby a little bit. We got 2 more. We got 2 more sessions like
David S. Kong: no, don't!
David S. Kong: Destroying the crown would have been destroying the crown would have been so like, you know, like, so like, you know. And you know the vision of what you know. It's just. It's just a lot more fun, I think, like, you know, to have you know.
Mike Sackton: I've I've seen the downsides of giving Kenza.
David S. Kong: The ability.
Mike Sackton: Ability to control charted.
David S. Kong: But like, what's the downsides? What are the downsides? What I mean, you know, like negatives, positives. They're also relative, anyways. Yeah, it was a, you know. It's kind of a fucking kind of moment. But yeah, anyways, back to back in character.
David S. Kong: yeah, it doesn't appear that I can release them actually, but also, yeah, I mean
David S. Kong: I think Charter needs to surrender anyways. So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Seekers.
Kate Sackton: Oh!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Telepathically. Oh, no! Go ahead!
Kate Sackton: Do you have any understanding of
Kate Sackton: how these people became connected to you? Did you have any sort of vision of that like? Is there any chance.
David S. Kong: No.
Kate Sackton: Like Pat, one of us on the back when we're coughing, and we'll end up psychically connected to you for the rest of both of our lives.
Kate Sackton: like.
David S. Kong: That's a great question. Tim, do I have any intuition on that? If I can actually establish new links.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
David S. Kong: Yeah. No.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, how to do that.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we saw Fausto. We saw a vision of Fausto doing something dark and scary with J. Light
Mike Sackton: and the crown.
Mike Sackton: Didn't we.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Mike Sackton: And like.
David S. Kong: Here. Yeah. But here, here's my my my thinking on this. I don't think I can establish any new connections. I'm guessing, you know, amongst all of us. If we really wanted to figure it out, we might maybe we could figure it out.
David S. Kong: Doesn't seem very obvious at all. That I can actually sever these connections. How did the connections that were there?
David S. Kong: Because there, there wasn't there a connection that got severed.
Mike Sackton: Several.
David S. Kong: That.
Tim Sackton: If you drop the 0 hit point, if you die, you can choose to kill somebody who's connected instead of yourself
Tim Sackton: doesn't sever the connection, they just die. So there's no connection anymore. Because.
David S. Kong: Can I unattune to the Crown whenever I want.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ances, can you?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can we like take turns with it, cause it does sound pretty cool.
David S. Kong: Can't unattend to attend.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
David S. Kong: Oh, boy!
Mike Sackton: Should we try? Remove curse. Would that let you entertain to it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
David S. Kong: Oh, boy.
David S. Kong: I mean.
David S. Kong: or we just ride it out, you know. And then I've got you know, I can control.
David S. Kong: I can basically control all charging right now. It's pretty it's pretty it's quite something.
David S. Kong: Tim, I start delivering some. I start delivering some instructions to the bureaucrats. Actually, I'm gonna write you privately.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Bureaucracy to attend to. Never mind apologies, damn thing!
Kate Sackton: Can you set an auto? Do not disturb when we're in the next battle with Polyon.
Mike Sackton: I'm not.
Mike Sackton: I'm Gonna do we have a telepathic? We kick Kenzo out of the telepathic link for a minute. Here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's interesting!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean I can. I can relay it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like I I can do one to one telepathy so it would take a minute longer. But I can relay it pretty quick.
Mike Sackton: Cause I don't think this is gonna end. Well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Question about the connection to a Polyon through the Crown. If any.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's also a question of like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what's Kenzo going to do if he's given unlimited power over charting.
Mike Sackton: I'm a little nervous about that. To be perfectly honest.
David S. Kong: 2. Gmo.
Kate Sackton: So he's a
Kate Sackton: best case scenario. He's a benign ruler for the rest of his life, while he waits for all these other people to predecease him.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but that won't.
Kate Sackton: Then the power talk about be destroyed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's talk about if that's plausible scenario.
Mike Sackton: It's not a plausible scenario here we have to save Kenzo from himself.
David S. Kong: And do you have a message.
Tim Sackton: A dead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): See? Because what? What?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What did you find out through the goggles? What? What is this thing.
Tim Sackton: I just messaged you, Eric.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's very powerful has to. What it does has to do with
Eric Rosenbaum: what you think the future should.
Eric Rosenbaum: P.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it gives you that power to shape future events.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't, can't really see the whole system here.
Mike Sackton: What's the deal? Did we
Mike Sackton: do? We have a mirror charge.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, Tim, do you think about the night.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: And today's the 24.th
Tim Sackton: The twenties. You're 2 days away from a mirror. Charge 2824 h.
Kate Sackton: Can we safely fight Apollyon with Kenzo as an ally?
Mike Sackton: With the crown attuned to him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
David S. Kong: This is the craziest plot moment, like it's like charted like like Kenzo this whole time, like, since he's a little kid
David S. Kong: in Chardon, you know, just all of this trauma abuse, and now literally has a crown on his head and can fucking control everything in Chardon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If we kill Kenzo 97, more times.
David S. Kong: You don't have to, you know. I just. I just initiated plans to redesign the social contracts of chart into the benefit of the people and the bureaucrats are now initiating my my my plans. So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Happening.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can tap it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Need you to focus on a vision of the future about Apollyon.
David S. Kong: Yeah, no, no, we're we're still killing upon a million percent. Yeah, we're we're definitely doing that. But that's unrelated to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Focus. We just need, yeah, we need you to focus on that.
David S. Kong: Yeah, so this is the thing. This is the thing I'm I'm actually
David S. Kong: I. I have not changed at all like my my values, my worldviews, my perspectives all are unchanged. I just now have the ability to mind control like a hundred. You know, Chardonian officials, bureaucrats.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, it's just like we're unchanged using the scepter. Yeah, oh, exactly.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't make you a a little nervous to mind control a hundred people.
David S. Kong: I mean right now, you know, I'm just just, you know, doing- doing some obvious things like, Oh, yeah, Tim.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You don't find the removal of their free will and agency itself an evil act even in the service of good.
David S. Kong: Interesting philosophical question. I think there's a lot of harm that's been done that can be immediately addressed, and we can have that conversation later.
Mike Sackton: And.
Kate Sackton: Put it in the mirror, put it in.
Mike Sackton: Well, I mean, if he takes the crown off it doesn't matter right. The physical crown isn't relevant.
Kate Sackton: No, no, I mean put- put the questions in the mirror for the basement, or later.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The mirror of compartmentalization.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
David S. Kong: I I mean I don't know like
David S. Kong: Oh, hold on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Enzo, how do we know what the will of the Crown itself is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): when we've encountered artifacts like this before? It hasn't just been about the person using them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They themselves have a will to them.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's a great point. Again, you know. I I really don't feel cursed. Say that I know. I know that's exactly the thing that a cursed person would say. I know that's exactly what a cursed person would say. But hear me out! Hear me out! Hear me out! Hear me out!
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright!
David S. Kong: My biggest sense of this is okay.
David S. Kong: like this guy pointing at the night. He has no soul, so I can just have him dance and do a jig, but have him dance and do a jig.
Tim Sackton: Answers? And does a jig.
David S. Kong: But the Chardonians. I can't actually tell them exactly what to do. Interestingly, I tried that actually, a little bit earlier. Well, the General was different. He actually asked me for an explicit command, so I told him to surrender. But the bureaucrats and everybody else. It's not like I can just be like, Oh, go pick your nose. It's more like adopting my value system and then trying to act through those values. So now their focus is on helping the people of Chardon.
David S. Kong: So and that's what that's what they're doing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Counterpoint. Look at the crown, I mean. Look at it looks evil, but it's like the the design of the thing. It's an evil looking crown.
Mike Sackton: It it? Here's another thing.
Mike Sackton: ken. So you're you're the only one of us who can, you know.
Mike Sackton: ensure that no damage is actually being done to your soul.
Mike Sackton: But you can't soul site yourself.
David S. Kong: Yeah, you make a strong point.
Mike Sackton: Here's an idea. Here's an idea. I I just.
David S. Kong: Go, go ahead! I love your ideas. Go for it, go for it!
Mike Sackton: There's some there's some concern about, you know what's happening in Chardon, and
Mike Sackton: very good to to tell the General to surrender right? But
Mike Sackton: maybe let somebody else have the crown.
Mike Sackton: and then you can look at their soul and see if it looks damaged.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's interesting.
David S. Kong: Like a tuned.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ground.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I actually can't unattuned to the Crown.
David S. Kong: but somebody else can take it from you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, someone else can snag it.
Mike Sackton: You just let somebody else take it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll take it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably not secret. I was gonna say.
Mike Sackton: I was thinking I was thinking, maybe
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You right? Huh? Dylan? Yeah, of course.
Mike Sackton: I was. Gonna say, riswin.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow! Alright! Alright!
David S. Kong: I think I think we've got a busy schedule I think we've got.
David S. Kong: I think we've got a lot of things to do.
Kate Sackton: Of that we have time to kill before we can long rest and get our spill.
Mike Sackton: How that sounds, kids, though, like like
Mike Sackton: it makes us nervous that maybe that's the crown talking, not Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Okay, look, my entire life.
David S. Kong: There have been deep, deep evils and atrocities committed.
David S. Kong: Everyone I know, including myself, by
David S. Kong: a really awful, oppressive group of people.
David S. Kong: And it's pretty amazing that now there's a possibility for some justice.
David S. Kong: So that's gonna happen.
David S. Kong: And it's happening right now. And after that.
David S. Kong: whatever you guys want to do.
Kate Sackton: What if we teleport to some other really wholesome Chardonian friend like some monastery leader girl woman?
Kate Sackton: I can't think of anybody's names.
Kate Sackton: and if she does the temporary test of Where's the crown? And Kenzo soul sites her soul and make sure that nothing weird is happening, and then takes it back like that's the plan.
David S. Kong: Actually, actually, here's a here's a good solution for you, and I would actually be totally fine with this. I would give the crown to keso
David S. Kong: my mentor. I'd give it to him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why not give it to like one of the monastics.
David S. Kong: Can ask them, what.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One of the monastics, one of the one of the heads of the orders.
David S. Kong: Case is monastic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, but he's also chart. I mean, he's also invested in politics in in
David S. Kong: All of the monasteries are.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But like, what about those dudes living by themselves in the middle of the desert somewhere.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like, I trust, those guys, what about that kid that we saved.
David S. Kong: What's what's wrong with queso.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's wrong with those folks? They're closer.
David S. Kong: I don't know them.
Mike Sackton: M.
Mike Sackton: Why do you want to preserve this so.
David S. Kong: I told you I'll give it away. I'll give it to Case so you can have it.
David S. Kong: I trust him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, if soul site and there's something wrong with what it's doing to him, we could rescue him.
David S. Kong: Sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why, why don't we just do that right now
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): with I mean Rismith here. Why why not just do that here? And then we can just give it back to you, and save the whole thing of of Queso and all that.
David S. Kong: Well, we could give it to Riswyn. That's actually fine. But actually, you know what
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the thought strikes me, though, is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): even if that works or like, we take it by force from Kenzo, like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what's to say? This isn't still the drive.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like maybe this isn't the crown controlling him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe this is the thing he's always wanted, and now just has the means to accomplish.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I think it is.
David S. Kong: Alright. You guys can take the girl.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can take the call.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's put it on, Risma, and see.
Mike Sackton: I wasn't kidding about soul sighting. I really think it's important to soul sight somebody wearing the crown.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Although.
Kate Sackton: Take a good before image.
Mike Sackton: Oh, hold on! Who knows a roof! Curse other than Riswood secret! Can you cast, remove, curse.
David S. Kong: I'm really not 1st guys.
David S. Kong: I'm really. I like genuinely.
Mike Sackton: Honestly, Kenzo, every single cursed person ever has always said that.
David S. Kong: I know, I know, but they're all. They're not me. They're not. It's not me, and I'm so not. I know I'm not 1st like
David S. Kong: really the like. You have to believe me. You have to trust me.
David S. Kong: I am not first.st No, no, seriously, it's just like I know everybody else says that they're not, and they are
David S. Kong: in my case. I was really not cursed.
Kate Sackton: Have to commune. Talk to my gods and say I'm about to put on a scary.
David S. Kong: For it.
Kate Sackton: Object.
Mike Sackton: Go for it.
Kate Sackton: Get it like.
Kate Sackton: Thank you.
Kate Sackton: So watch out for me to help my friend.
David S. Kong: Okay, look, look in full transparency in full, full transparency. This is what I've done.
David S. Kong: I told the generals to surrender. I gave instructions to all everyone, all the other 100 bureaucrats, and whatever Chardonian people, and I gave them the directive to redesign Chardonian society, policy, economic structure, etc.
David S. Kong: Or you pointed towards reparations and benefits to the people.
David S. Kong: That's what I said.
David S. Kong: and I told them to act as swiftly and quickly as possible. And now they're doing it. Now they're they're acting. It's gonna take months. But they've begun. So that's all I wanted to do. I started it. You guys have to come back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Smash cut to Chard in flames, chaos falling to the sea.
Kate Sackton: Driving, saluting.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'm not. I'm not asking them to like an erect statue of me. I don't. I don't want any. I don't want any credit for any of the the good things that are gonna unfold. Now, it's just.
Mike Sackton: Starts that way, though.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'll be able to say, Why not a preemptive remove? Curse
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): if you've got more than one
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah hurt to just hit him with one right now.
David S. Kong: In all seriousness, have a crown.
David S. Kong: Have a crown now
David S. Kong: I've done. I'm satisfied it's good. I don't need to get into the specifics of micromanaging bureaucrats. They have the high level directive. They're working towards the benefit of the people and reparations, and that's it.
David S. Kong: You can have the crown. I'm done.
David S. Kong: Let's go kill, volume.
Kate Sackton: Someone has to have the responsibility of being attuned to the thing because it can't exist unattuned. Apparently.
Mike Sackton: Let's see what? No, I.
David S. Kong: Oh, wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Actually! Hold on! Hold on! Hold on! Actually I don't! I don't give away the crown.
Eric Rosenbaum: What, what do you actually do?
David S. Kong: Wait, wait, Tim, can I be attuned to it? But just not have it on my head.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Okay, yeah, yeah. You got to take it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But Risalyn's gonna attune to it.
David S. Kong: No, no, no, she can't do that.
Mike Sackton: Why not?
David S. Kong: Because then the Ardonians stopped enacting the policies that I was trying to get enacted.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Kate Sackton: I don't have to change your policies. We're just looking at my soul.
Kate Sackton: It's just for an X-ray.
David S. Kong: Okay. Alright, that's fine.
David S. Kong: R.
David S. Kong: Oh, wait. So what? What's the plan you want to? You want to attune to the Ca, go ahead and cast the remove. Curse, go ahead and do that first.st
Kate Sackton: Were we talking to me.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Yeah. Good.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I don't have that.
David S. Kong: Would a cursed person say that? Let me see, this is 1st of all.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, they would.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably, yeah.
Tim Sackton: I don't think Resmond all right. Good.
Tim Sackton: Don't have room.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, so wait. We don't have remove. Curse at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
David S. Kong: I'm not cursed, guys.
David S. Kong: How many times do I have to tell you? I am not cursed.
Kate Sackton: I mean I can. I can prepare it and cast it tomorrow, after.
David S. Kong: Do it, prepare it, prepare it, and cast it tomorrow.
David S. Kong: Also kill a Polyon.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I wasn't thinking werewolves today. So I didn't wake up and say, it's kind of day.
Mike Sackton: Remove curse could actually be a good spell to have prepared going up against Napoleon.
David S. Kong: M.
David S. Kong: Because it takes the crown off. Hands it to Welby. You put it in the locket.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Welby takes a long look at it for a minute while he types a message to Tim.
Kate Sackton: But seriously, it is like still, early in the morning of this day we have a whole bunch of time to go.
Tim Sackton: You don't.
Kate Sackton: Kenzo, what do you think of the preposition of spending like 2 h? 1 1 where you soul cite me, one where I attuned to the crown. Don't change anything about the policies that are in motion. You soul, cite me again. We get a full understanding of the impact it's having on my
Kate Sackton: spiritual being. Then I unattuned to it. You put it back. We put it in the, you know, whatever.
Kate Sackton: But we just.
Kate Sackton: We have time for all.
David S. Kong: Actually actually, Ruslan Ruslan, I that all sounds great.
David S. Kong: Let's do it.
David S. Kong: My only thing is, these policies need to be enacted.
David S. Kong: That's it.
David S. Kong: That. That's that's it.
Mike Sackton: Have you considered that enacting these policies might cause more trouble than it solves?
Mike Sackton: You don't control?
Mike Sackton: Probably.
Mike Sackton: Wow!
Mike Sackton: Who is actually enacting?
Mike Sackton: Aren't you just setting up a civil war with other elements within. Chardon.
David S. Kong: No, actually, the Civil War is already there, and it's between these elites and the people.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, no.
David S. Kong: Going on for.
Mike Sackton: That.
David S. Kong: Time, Memorials.
Mike Sackton: The Emperor of Chardin is not
Mike Sackton: one of your minions, is he.
David S. Kong: Is he Tim?
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: What about the navy who was fighting against? Who? Who Fausta was trying to destroy.
Tim Sackton: Nobody of any significance in the Navy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, we should grab a scrap of paper and just quick write down the names of everybody, and like what their roles are.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo, I think.
Mike Sackton: Your.
Mike Sackton: The the illusion of power is just an illusion.
David S. Kong: It's definitely not an illusion. It's definitely not an illusion.
Mike Sackton: That I don't mean the illusion of power over these 100 people. The illusion that these 100 people control everything in charter.
David S. Kong: They don't, they don't. They only control what they can control. But, you know, let's let's have them. Let's have them started to do some good, you know.
Mike Sackton: Don't you think the the Emperor is? Gonna try and counteract this.
David S. Kong: Good.
Mike Sackton: Good.
David S. Kong: I'm gonna try.
Mike Sackton: Won't it cause quite a bit of chaos.
David S. Kong: Let's let's give our. Let's give the people a fighting chance.
Mike Sackton: But won't they the ones who
Mike Sackton: won't they be the ones who get crushed in the chaos.
David S. Kong: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David S. Kong: They're already crushed.
David S. Kong: That was, I don't know. It's like for the elves, but we're already crushed.
Mike Sackton: The the fruits of this sort of easy answer, I think, usually are more rotten than you'd hope.
David S. Kong: And you know this from all that suffering in the Alvin society.
Mike Sackton: Dallas actually looks a little pissed at that. The Alves have suffered more than any of you in Chardan.
Mike Sackton: They've suffered more than anybody on this planet.
David S. Kong: Look. I don't prespose any of your suffering. Sorry I said that, but interesting.
David S. Kong: Okay, hmm.
Mike Sackton: So.
David S. Kong: Yeah. So apparently the 100 people that I have control over it actually is less like kind of bureaucrats throughout charting. And and they're very specifically, folks in the chat actually.
David S. Kong: So so the little less useful than I thought for. You know, totally undermining Ardonian society.
Mike Sackton: So I I fear what you're gonna achieve is
Mike Sackton: is not what you hope to achieve.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Well, also.
David S. Kong: okay, well, that's good. Okay. Yeah. I actually knowing that. Now, then I'll I'll
David S. Kong: yeah. So it turns out it's it's
David S. Kong: the the folks that I do have direct influence over are not
David S. Kong: super well positioned to make changes broadly in society, but it's very focused on the trade. So I'm just disrupting that instead, because that's corrupted, core.
Mike Sackton: Why don't you tell all of them
Mike Sackton: that Chelite is terrible evil thing, and causes tons of trouble.
Mike Sackton: and they should fear it and shun it, all of which are true statements.
Mike Sackton: and then go about their normal lives.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's already happening. The the trade is is being dismantled right now.
Mike Sackton: Have you told them to go about their lives?
David S. Kong: I'm telling them to dismantle the trade. I mean, they're still going about their own lives. Yeah, for sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you have any sense of how to destroy the crown when you're done with it?
David S. Kong: I have no idea, but I'm totally happy to do that.
David S. Kong: You all can. Totally. Let's let's do. Let's do the destroy thing. Curse, remove the curse whatever.
David S. Kong: Yeah, whatever y'all want.
David S. Kong: Yeah. So I mean.
Mike Sackton: So that we should try this switching attunement thing. Here I'm I.
Kate Sackton: What do you make? Answers.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, let's give it a whirl.
David S. Kong: But again we're we're they're still destroying the trailer trade that's happening, no matter what. Yes, risen.
Kate Sackton: Not gonna disrupt the anti chelite policies. No.
David S. Kong: Great.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
Mike Sackton: That does Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: I'll try and take the crown.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, go ahead. Take it.
David S. Kong: I'm telling you guys are not gross.
Tim Sackton: Make a difference.
David S. Kong: Double.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: I just have a rare once in a once in a lifetime, opportunity to do some positive for my people. So I'm doing it.
Kate Sackton: Do I also make a cruise with savings, or just.
Tim Sackton: You really would make a charisma savings, or just you.
Kate Sackton: I mean, we're here all day. I can try again.
Tim Sackton: Nope, each person only gets one try 20, like 20.
Kate Sackton: Am I heroic? Inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Yup. You can try.
Mike Sackton: Would you roll something bad?
Tim Sackton: 15.
Mike Sackton: Oh, do you have bardic inspoil? Hold on! Hold on! 15 is not a bad role. Do you have bardic inspiration? Don't heroic inspiration use, bardic inspiration, not heroic inspiration.
Kate Sackton: What dice is that.
Mike Sackton: Wendy, 12.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 2 of them take the better.
Mike Sackton: To is that for anything or just skill checks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh!
Tim Sackton: No, no, just skill checks. This would be one d. 12, one straight rule.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's it.
Mike Sackton: Where'd you wrong.
Kate Sackton: 8. I was just trying to not accidentally roll it 5 times.
Tim Sackton: Hold on 1 min. I gotta finish taking message to Schwartz, and then I will
Tim Sackton: come. Talk to you, Kate.
Mike Sackton: You get a breakout room in person.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, we'll be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's been often like quiet contemplation, sort of zoned out for a minute
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): which you recognize as communing with the spirits of his ancestors, and the communal memory of halfling kind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's still zoomed out as you take ground.
Kate Sackton: Or try to take the crap.
Mike Sackton: No, you succeeded at taking the Trek crowd.
Mike Sackton: That's why you get a breakout room.
David S. Kong: Wait, so, Tim. Am I now unattuned.
Tim Sackton: You're now.
Tim Sackton: You are now unattuned.
David S. Kong: Told you guys I wasn't cursed.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Good.
David S. Kong: I mean. I told you next time, believe me.
Mike Sackton: Well, let's have you soul side, Riswin, before that.
David S. Kong: Yeah, Tim, I do it before and after.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, just one.
David S. Kong: Although although.
Tim Sackton: Wait!
David S. Kong: Sure.
Tim Sackton: Got it.
David S. Kong: One second.
David S. Kong: Resume. Remember, you're not destroying it.
Kate Sackton: This is a scientific exercise.
David S. Kong: We can destroy it after the chain light tray is undermined might take a month.
David S. Kong: or if you all can think of some like immediate things that could happen. I mean.
David S. Kong: it's oh, fuck! I know we're in the cloud anymore. Hold on.
Mike Sackton: Did. Did we actually write down the names of the people? By the way.
Mike Sackton: we said we were doing that.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: Actually, we need to do that. Anyways, yeah, we can.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I don't have a list of.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, no, we don't want. We're just.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Just in case the crown does get destroyed somehow. For example, that's actually useful information to go disrupt the Chatite trade in person.
David S. Kong: But why do that when you have a magic item that just has it disrupted like right now.
Mike Sackton: Cause. It's more wholesome.
Kate Sackton: Because one was a barkeep and one was an adventure, and one was, and 90 were in the daylight trade. So.
Mike Sackton: It's more permanent.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: You're not.
Mike Sackton: Kill them all for your own benefit.
David S. Kong: I can't kill them all.
David S. Kong: Well, I can kill. Well, well, I could. Now, now I can't do anything with the chile. I told you. It wasn't curse. I'm not cursed. I'm just have an opportunity to do some good for once. Jeez.
Mike Sackton: Hey!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welby shakes his head back away again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's what?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's going on.
Mike Sackton: Riswin has the crown now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh!
Mike Sackton: Did you learn something?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, it's old. It's very, very old. That crown is from before there were humans on this continent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: To whom?
Eric Rosenbaum: Who would have been Kenzel's? Then.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not wrong exactly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Some of the people who've worn it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): have been good, just rulers, and some horribly, horrifically bad.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and always, and only it passes from one owner to the next by defeating the previous one, and sometimes it disappears for stretches and centuries and centuries at a time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's from everything that my people know not evil in itself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but whoever possesses it has incredible power, just, incredible power.
David S. Kong: That's all. You guys.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
David S. Kong: See, the thing is I was presented with a vision of like, you know.
David S. Kong: spiritual wholeness amongst you know, the peoples around the world, etc, etc.
David S. Kong: and that I you know that that appealed to me, of course. But also, you know, it's like, I think I think there are other ways to get there.
David S. Kong: But you know, very practically.
David S. Kong: all of a sudden, having direct control over the Chaly trade and charted being able to sell the guard the charter in general to stand down.
David S. Kong: Why not
David S. Kong: like what? We're just gonna destroy the crown and then have that war happen? And then have you know, Toker get raised
David S. Kong: that we're doing?
David S. Kong: We're gonna let the chart, the Cheli trade continue on indefinitely, continuing to harm tens of thousands of innocent people.
David S. Kong: We're just gonna do that.
David S. Kong: I I don't care about using this to then, you know, establish some kind of new order, world peace, or whatever.
David S. Kong: I'm just very practical.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Think it might be enough to bracket this question
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and come back to it in a couple of days.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): when we can see it in the mirror.
David S. Kong: That's fine!
David S. Kong: Leon's defeated.
Mike Sackton: I don't think I could do take it back, Ken, though.
David S. Kong: Of course I can take it back.
Mike Sackton: I don't think so.
David S. Kong: Why not?
Mike Sackton: Didn't you say it passes from ruler to ruler?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, interesting!
Mike Sackton: By defeating the previous one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's what the story says, but I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know if that means that it can't go back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or typically defeating means killing.
David S. Kong: Although if Rizman is now the new I I honestly don't care whether or not I'm attuned to the Crown. I just want to see the policy so risen isn't gonna have control over a hundred new people. It's gonna be the same people that are specifically connected to the chain. So I you know whether it's me or Rizman giving some, you know, overall guidance, compass towards the goal which is to disrupt the trailer trade.
David S. Kong: I don't care doesn't have to be for me. That's fine.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: Well, Riswin can't hear us. I think maybe we made a mistake.
David S. Kong: Awesome.
Mike Sackton: I don't know. I think I trust you more, Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David S. Kong: What!
David S. Kong: You trust me more than Rizzler.
Mike Sackton: For? What?
David S. Kong: What do you think she's gonna do with these 100 people?
Mike Sackton: No, I think she'd be tempted to try and do more.
David S. Kong: She might be.
Mike Sackton: I don't know. Restore the glory of her family.
David S. Kong: Raise.
Mike Sackton: You know, free, clear, the queer, the evils from the old dwarven kingdom.
David S. Kong: Oh, boy!
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, it seems likely that the powers of this item extend beyond just.
Mike Sackton: Controlling these 100.
Eric Rosenbaum: Souls, yeah.
Mike Sackton: I wish we had heard Kenzo
Mike Sackton: Welby's speech before we had executed this plan.
David S. Kong: That's not your fault.
Mike Sackton: Not your fault.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I mean, it takes a minute to absorb, recorded in history.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps it's I've impressed. Well, be, and nothing else to say. No criticism intended.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, I'll go faster next time.
Mike Sackton: I did say that.
Mike Sackton: But you know, Kenzo, uniquely suited to kind of have a a focused goal.
David S. Kong: We? We're we're in a good spot. Guys just gotta listen to me a little bit more next time you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: See, I'm so conditioned to not trust anybody until you've soul sighted them and given them the all clear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David S. Kong: Well, let's see what happens with this one here, because let's see what is
David S. Kong: having having been tuned to it is she? She's not gonna be cursed like she'll still be herself, you know, so we can still, you know, and and again, as far as.
Tim Sackton: Crowd Hotel.
Tim Sackton: This is with Riswin.
Mike Sackton: It fuses with riswind.
Tim Sackton: No, I mean she attunes to it.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: We're having second thoughts about this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So I think you're away. But I just shared the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): shared what? What the hassling memory served me so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Huh!
Kate Sackton: Hi.
Tim Sackton: As Kenzo as Reswyn attunes to the crown.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo slumps. Unconscious.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 1st Aid.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Medicine check. What? What's going on.
Tim Sackton: Just suddenly dropped to 0. Hit points.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will stabilize him.
Tim Sackton: Or William.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Heal them. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I'll I'll cast the bed. I'll cast a whatever we're gonna rest. I'll cast the healing spell.
Mike Sackton: I assume that kills it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that heals them.
Mike Sackton: I mean, does it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are you feeling? Okay, Kenzo.
Kate Sackton: How you doing.
David S. Kong: Alright! Bill.
Tim Sackton: You feel I'm sending you a message.
Mike Sackton: 31 hit points healed. Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Do you ever gain consciousness?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, sorry. I just sent you a message.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: So what are you all doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looking at kind of.
David S. Kong: Tons of tons of like weekly Brisbane.
David S. Kong: You promise to keep those policies.
Kate Sackton: I would
Kate Sackton: believe me. My promises to you have been for foremost in my mind, as I wrestled with this.
David S. Kong: Good.
David S. Kong: I don't think I can attune to that again.
Mike Sackton: I'll do.
David S. Kong: Told you.
Mike Sackton: No, remember, I said, Oh, were you not there like 3 min ago, when Tim and Kate were gone, I said, You're not gonna be able to do, do it again.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, I know. But.
Mike Sackton: I only realized that.
David S. Kong: Ever.
Mike Sackton: After, after.
David S. Kong: Yeah, just just remember that you had a very practical.
Mike Sackton: I know I know it was a mistake.
David S. Kong: You it is now it is now.
Mike Sackton: I've I've made a mistake.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let's soul cite her.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, what is? What do I look like?
Tim Sackton: Nothing seems different
Tim Sackton: to Kenzie.
Kate Sackton: Bye, what history did I, Miss
Kate Sackton: Snippetee? Summary.
Tim Sackton: Charts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The this crown has existed since before there were even humans on this continent.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and it's passed from one person to another.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And it seems from everything that the stories say, everything that heflings know that the crown itself doesn't
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): exactly have
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a motivation for good or for evil. Some of the people who use it were good, wise, benevolent, just, some kind of sort of, and some
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): terribly, horribly evil, and it often disappears for long, long stretches, and when it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): resurfaces it comes, it shows up again in a period of conflict
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it changes, owners. This is what deal with was saying a minute ago only when one defeats the previous one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so it serves.
David S. Kong: Whoever defeats the previous one, I guess.
David S. Kong: Pardon me.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, we got that vibe.
Mike Sackton: Is anybody concerned about a polyon getting this thing.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, that would be bad. That would be bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a reasonably good concern.
David S. Kong: That would be bad.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, let's keep that from happening.
David S. Kong: Wait so so, Risman, how do you feel?
Kate Sackton: That's I mean, I haven't really
Kate Sackton: tried to interact with it, because the point was sort of to determine its nature.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, I soul site. I did the soul siding thing.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, no, no change in Riswin's Aura.
David S. Kong: Yeah. So you're fine.
David S. Kong: We used to earn. And
David S. Kong: it's not like you gained the ability to interact with more than the same 100 right.
David S. Kong: still the same same crew.
Kate Sackton: Payment, crude.
David S. Kong: Okay. So just yeah. And and they're still doing that, they're still doing the thing right. They're still undermining the trailer trade.
Kate Sackton: I haven't spoken to them or sent them any intentions. I think that's what they're doing. I see that that's I can. I see that that's what they're doing.
Tim Sackton: I mean risale does not have nearly the same burning anger against Chelite that Kenzo does it? Certainly
Tim Sackton: what they seem to be doing is all asking themselves.
Tim Sackton: when was the last time I was at Temple.
Tim Sackton: but with some active effort you
Tim Sackton: order them to orient themselves around.
Tim Sackton: considering Chelite to be evil. Yes, it requires some not concentration exactly. It does require effort on your part.
Kate Sackton: All right. I make that effort true to my word.
David S. Kong: Thank you. Richmond.
Tim Sackton: You have to unattune to something.
Tim Sackton: probably your dragon head cloak, because you definitely want
Tim Sackton: shatter, storm, and the girdle of the mountain.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Let's talk for a minute, folks.
Kate Sackton: It occurs to me that.
Mike Sackton: Any one of us wearing this thing into battle with a polyon is
Kate Sackton: Like dangling something in front of a
Kate Sackton: yeah, I'm trying to think of.
Mike Sackton: The right term here, but the dumb seems to be like, possibly what are the words I could use.
Kate Sackton: What do we have for resources in terms of
Kate Sackton: go? So what do we have for resources in terms of going to someone affiliated with
Kate Sackton: us and with Denmark, and just sort of allowing
Kate Sackton: Kenzo's plan to be enacted by somebody who feels the same way he does, because that would be necessary.
Kate Sackton: like the person who, like I had to just get them to stop thinking about praying
Kate Sackton: and get them to think about what you know Jay like, and
Kate Sackton: activism. And so the person who takes this, if we're
Kate Sackton: really thinking that any agenda is a good agenda has to.
Mike Sackton: I wonder how much.
Kate Sackton: Line with whatever agenda we think is. But can I tell you?
Kate Sackton: Can I say what happened to me.
Kate Sackton: or what I think I know.
Kate Sackton: like tongue tied in any way.
Tim Sackton: You can say you can talk.
Kate Sackton: Alright. So if any other member of this party feels up to forcefully taking the crown from me.
Kate Sackton: your choices are to attune, tour it, or it will just be destroyed.
Kate Sackton: and I only didn't destroy it because I would be breaking my word to Kenzo if I destroyed it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, we make some grab for the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, what.
Mike Sackton: Welby is trying to take the crown from Riswyn by force, apparently.
Tim Sackton: Make a slate of hand check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And more bardic inspiration left.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm I'm out.
Mike Sackton: But don't you? Oh, no, you use yours.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think I can beat the charisma safe, but here we go.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you're not gonna beat, Kate. If you're trying to resist.
Tim Sackton: you probably instinctively are trying to resist. Make a slate of hand check.
Kate Sackton: I'm trying to resist resisting and doing a bad job.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, roll with disadvantage, because you're not fully committed to resisting. We'll be grabbing the crown.
Kate Sackton: I'm rolling something.
Tim Sackton: Roll a slate of hand check with disadvantage. You have to beat a 50,
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're Robbie's gonna get the crown. So.
Kate Sackton: Okay, I I didn't know what a slide is. Oh, there it is.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but the charisma save I don't know what the DC. On the Christmas.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's the best 15.
Kate Sackton: Terribly well.
Tim Sackton: Riswin instinctively dodges away. But you can keep trying if she isn't, doesn't like. Tell you to stop.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: I mean, is anybody stopping while we and.
Mike Sackton: Well, I'll he's gonna make another attempt before deal with would react.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So I think there's no way Kate's gonna be that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Are we supposed to try right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. He tried again.
Kate Sackton: So I have to try again.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: It doesn't say anything. He's just going for it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I just don't.
David S. Kong: And the stops.
Kate Sackton: I'm in as I'm in the middle of explaining.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Kendall stops him.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna use at the stop again.
David S. Kong: Just he got like, physically like grabbing it.
David S. Kong: Monk shit.
Mike Sackton: Role initiatives. See who goes first.st
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: that's great.
Mike Sackton: Advantage. It's the initiative.
Tim Sackton: Kong. Where'd you roll for mission.
David S. Kong: 7, 27.
Tim Sackton: Immediately.
Mike Sackton: We got a 28.
Tim Sackton: And.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ash.
Tim Sackton: That failed. Welby grabs the crown.
David S. Kong: Damn it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, we're.
Tim Sackton: I go. Schwartz.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As.
Tim Sackton: Up to the breakout room.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Do they have to make it Christmas safe or no?
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah. You gotta make a Christmas Day first.st
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, which?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I don't actually think I can do this. But let's find out.
David S. Kong: This is all great. By the way, this is all.
Eric Rosenbaum: You see, on the Christmas Day is right.
David S. Kong: All, all of this is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's.
David S. Kong: All of this is great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just the privilege of seeker getting it in the end.
Kate Sackton: I'd like to point out that through all of history this thing has not been broken yet.
Mike Sackton: I assume.
David S. Kong: Guys.
Mike Sackton: When it gets destroyed, it's not, doesn't get destroyed. Somebody destroying it just just means it disappears for for a while.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Halflings have never had it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yet.
Tim Sackton: Sports. You take 28 points of damage, and you are flung 40 feet away from the crown.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Tim Sackton: Well attuned to Rizwyn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I make another grab for it?
Tim Sackton: You can. But the charisma save DC. Goes up every time you fail.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you have to run forward. Kenzo can stop you at this point.
Tim Sackton: I'm not sure this should devolve into full.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, and I'll add, deal with will ask, hmm.
Mike Sackton: well, be a I don't think
Mike Sackton: snatching it from riswin is
David S. Kong: They're rash.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I don't. I don't think any of you have the wherewithal to actually destroy it.
David S. Kong: Oh, so you're trying to destroy it.
Kate Sackton: And I was our last best hope and I failed us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep, no question. It should be destroyed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kenzo. I absolutely respect what you're doing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I understand it, of course. How could you do otherwise?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But you're thinking of it like a human would.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This thing is going to keep on going for the rest of time, unless it's destroyed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and its capacity to do evil is far greater than its capacity to do good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): because our capacity to do evil is greater than our capacity to do good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The Chelite mines can be dismantled without doing it this way. It takes a little longer.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the harm that it's going to keep on causing for centuries, and millennia and ages of history without being destroyed.
David S. Kong: Alright, I mean, I already stopped the the Ardonian war. So the generals like it's not like they.
David S. Kong: They did their thing right, Tim, they actually surrendered.
David S. Kong: You can't take back a surrender.
Mike Sackton: You, you can take back a surrender.
Mike Sackton: Starting to fade again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not not.
Tim Sackton: Riswon's in control now. Riswon probably doesn't want Dunbar and Sheridan to fight.
Kate Sackton: Oh, right! But the the longer the truce lasts.
Mike Sackton: The less likely they are right. I mean.
David S. Kong: Yeah. So why don't we destroy it like tomorrow? Like, let the let the let, the surrender continue until it's like, you know, the Chardonian army like falls a little bit.
David S. Kong: Do you want Toper raised.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well the destroy it as soon as we possibly can.
David S. Kong: With him passes. It's gonna be harder.
Kate Sackton: To my.
Kate Sackton: He's gonna.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): New things.
David S. Kong: What new things. There are no new things. And I'm not wearing it anymore. We're just doing 2 things. We're we're getting the chart unions to surrender, and we're undermining the trade.
David S. Kong: The longer that we have control the more of the stuff gets enacted, the harder it is to take back.
David S. Kong: We destroy it right before we fight a polygon.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I was thinking about why Apollyon didn't want this thing for himself, but he's been imprisoned. He's been in
Mike Sackton: present, he, of course he wants it for himself.
Mike Sackton: but of course Fausto is powerful on his own right. Fausto doesn't want to die.
David S. Kong: I think a perfectly reasonable proposal is to destroy it before we fight upon it.
Kate Sackton: Yes, I think we should destroy it before we fight a polyon, which is tomorrow.
David S. Kong: Tomorrow and actually wait. And how many days, how many days before the before Polyon is released, or whatever.
Tim Sackton: 4!
David S. Kong: We can keep it for for like a few days a month.
Kate Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: Things play out a little bit, you know.
Kate Sackton: No, no, no, no, no.
David S. Kong: Fine a day, 2 days. We have 4 days, 2 days.
Kate Sackton: Kenzo. My devotion to the goodness of your heart, and
Kate Sackton: the word that I gave you has bought your cause some number of hours, and that's as far as we're gonna let it go.
Kate Sackton: Well, B's gonna give his impassioned speech about the overwhelming goodness of preserving all of history. And we're gonna go find.
David S. Kong: We're gonna let. We're gonna let the Chardon we're gonna let the Chardonians raise Tokra
David S. Kong: that that's we're gonna let that happen right now.
Kate Sackton: No, they won't raise Soca.
David S. Kong: So we're surrendering. The Chardonian generals are continuing their surrender.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: but you realize as soon as we destroy the crown. The Chardonian generals then, can do whatever the hell they want.
Kate Sackton: Yes, I do realize that.
David S. Kong: So don't we want them to continue the surrender, at least until they have, you know. Actually, you should probably tell them right now to like
David S. Kong: stand down their arms immediately. Blah blah!
Kate Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, I I vibed that, too, while I was.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Kate Sackton: All they wanted to do was pray too, and I told them to remember to sign on the dotted line about the surrendering.
Kate Sackton: But.
David S. Kong: Oh, it's it's less the dotted line thing, and more like giving up their weapons and destroying their weapons. That that type of stuff.
Kate Sackton: They're already disinterested in the weapons. Because, okay.
David S. Kong: Yeah. March back home is good.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey? Do that?
Mike Sackton: Samost Numina are, anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we have them to go?
Eric Rosenbaum: Stuff is happening.
Mike Sackton: Encourage them to go back to their temples, to their gods, and give thanks for the war being averted.
Kate Sackton: Their motives and all that. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To contact Sarah, but she's far from the front line, so we don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: We'll continue to flavor, reinforcing over the next few hours, these generals, leaving town with their bad vibes.
Kate Sackton: doing some internal work to find joy and peace.
Kate Sackton: And so then, when they're they were having an a negative, murderous,
Kate Sackton: militaristic vibe sent to them by Fausto.
Kate Sackton: So whatever their natural state is of politics, and so soul searching and direction.
Kate Sackton: Some of that was overlaid by Fausto's war.
Kate Sackton: So when they're totally free, they may, yes, have some residual
Kate Sackton: militaristic tendencies. But if they're at least further away, like now, they're headed away and disarmed and thinking peaceful.
Kate Sackton: self-examining thoughts, some hopefully that will have some benefit. But I'm not going to let it last longer than
Kate Sackton: the number of hours. It takes us to have somebody else go through this exchange and truly, seriously
Kate Sackton: break the.
David S. Kong: Yeah, so wait. So one of us is gonna destroy it.
Kate Sackton: Well, yes, but not you, and not me, because we've already had our chance.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we not. Neither of us can. Oh, man, is it gonna be seeker? Is this gonna be no no.
Tim Sackton: There's not really any chance that speaker would destroy it. I mean, like.
David S. Kong: Yeah, no, we. We know it's definitely not secret in order. I trust we'll be 1st and then then maybe dealt with and not secret at all.
Tim Sackton: But we'll be involved. Have both tried and failed. Once.
Tim Sackton: There's a decent chance that it'll become impossible for them to attune if they try again and fail.
Mike Sackton: Wow!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With a long rest we get inspiration and bardic inspiration. That's I mean.
Mike Sackton: I rolled a 1. i have a plus 10 charisma.
Tim Sackton: That's true.
Mike Sackton: Beta 22. With bardic inspiration. I could beat a 22 pretty easily if I.
Tim Sackton: The base PC. Was a 20, and it's higher because you failed once.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm right.
Mike Sackton: 25 is tougher.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So let's.
Mike Sackton: But actually, I mean, I could also roll a 2D. 8.
Mike Sackton: I can roll a 2D. 4. I mean, I actually have quite a bit. I can stack to make it.
David S. Kong: Great. Let's try that.
Kate Sackton: Very valid thought process. But I'm just exploring. What do we have in terms of zooming around the world? Powers like, can I go find some
Kate Sackton: at trusted.
Tim Sackton: Pretty, much only.
Kate Sackton: Die, cleric, totally.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I didn't report.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Put it in the portable hole. Is that the problem we're trying to solve right now. Where to stash it during the battle with Napoleon.
Mike Sackton: No, because of Polyon kills.
Mike Sackton: I I assume the way the magic works is that if a polyon reduced riswin to 0 hit points
Mike Sackton: he would get the crown.
Tim Sackton: No, I would. Well, I would have to decide what happened to some poor soul.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's the best possible value.
Mike Sackton: True.
Kate Sackton: I would be offered the awful choice of, continue to fight Apollyon, or let myself die, and
Kate Sackton: I don't know what would happen, and keep all those souls from.
Mike Sackton: So you need physical possession of it. To attempt to attune to it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that remember what you had to do with Tofesto.
Mike Sackton: But I I thought that.
Kate Sackton: Not wearing it, but I'm attuned to it. How could anyone grab it?
Kate Sackton: That's what we're wondering.
Tim Sackton: Well, if it's in the portable hole
Tim Sackton: they'd have to open the portable hole and take it.
Tim Sackton: It requires you. It requires physical possession.
Tim Sackton: Now it might be a lot easier to attune to. If Rizwin say was dead.
Tim Sackton: then she would no longer be attuned to it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right if if we can possibly swing it like our
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): utterly emergency, everything's gone wrong with Polyon should be to open the portable hole and smash the mirror inside it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): because it would scatter all of the contents across the universe, and that that would at least make it a little harder.
Tim Sackton: That would make it much harder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Tim Sackton: It's a good plan.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I I also hate to say it, but like
Mike Sackton: at some level, having somebody who
Mike Sackton: can't die in the fight with a Polyon might be helpful.
Kate Sackton: Oh, I only can't die because I'd have to pick somebody's cord to snap some cord
Kate Sackton: person. I would just kill.
Mike Sackton: They're unwilling recruits in the bat. If they were standing here next to us
Mike Sackton: fighting a Polyon, they volunteer to die to keep the world from ending.
Mike Sackton: I mean, maybe I'm not saying do it.
Kate Sackton: could I talk? Oh, that would just be mean.
Mike Sackton: Talk to them.
Tim Sackton: They! They!
Eric Rosenbaum: This is why it's another.
Tim Sackton: You honest answers if you talk to them. And you said.
David S. Kong: Sell it.
Tim Sackton: Be willing to dive.
David S. Kong: This is why you should just let me keep the crown. I would have no problems in this whole situation. We had a very good situation from a non cursed, very practical monk of the awakened soul, and we gave out a lot now, and now we've got, you know.
Mike Sackton: I I you're right, Keto. You're right.
David S. Kong: Thank you. Thank you. That's all I wanted to hear.
David S. Kong: Just wanted to hear that. Thank, I appreciate that dulla.
Mike Sackton: Are. You have some stories of people who did good with the Crown.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: What it but any any
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, this is why Dell was gonna have a hard time destroying it, too.
David S. Kong: I'm I'm on team, destroy team destroy is the way to go.
Mike Sackton: Did tell us ever say he would destroy it out of curiosity.
David S. Kong: Tell us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So if you you would destroy this right.
Kate Sackton: Didn't you hear me?
Mike Sackton: Nice.
Kate Sackton: Baby.
David S. Kong: Got it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Have you ever get a medical 3 again?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, let's, I mean, let's let's I mean, this is great.
David S. Kong: Move on! Here!
Tim Sackton: I love it. I'm having a lot of fun with you guys tearing each other apart. But let's come to a you know.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's move on. Let's move on. We got a lot to do. We got a lot to do guys. So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Brisbane stays attuned. We put it in the bag. In the hole.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We rest, we kill a polyon. We figure it out tomorrow.
Kate Sackton: Yes, I try really hard not to die.
David S. Kong: But if you do, you sacrifice some church, our donating bureaucrat.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kill one of our prisoners.
Kate Sackton: Well, that's what I was saying is, if I had a chance to talk to Vola and Hector and person whose name we can't remember. And just say, can we make peace with the fact that if it comes down to your soul or a polyon, I'm gonna kill you?
Kate Sackton: And but
Kate Sackton: that would just be meaningless showmanship for my benefit, because, as our DM. Points out, they can't actually say no. So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think they get a vote on that one like we were entirely ready to kill them in combat.
Mike Sackton: But can you choose which one you kill?
Tim Sackton: You don't know.
Kate Sackton: I don't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But it's a good plan for right now.
Kate Sackton: Possibly not, or perhaps I might have gotten rid of the ones that he knew were trapped and had failed him. Anyway.
Kate Sackton: anyway.
Tim Sackton: Well, you've got one, Freebie. You can always destroy the chelite zombie next to you.
Mike Sackton: Oh, wait!
Mike Sackton: Is it the right.
Kate Sackton: I thought he didn't have a soul.
Tim Sackton: He's connected to the Crown.
Mike Sackton: But is is the channel 8 zombie? An actual?
Mike Sackton: It's not like, can you salsite the chile light, zombie? It actually has no soul. It's like not.
David S. Kong: That's all, that's all.
Mike Sackton: Is it a person, or is it like a construct of some kind?
Mike Sackton: The like undead.
Tim Sackton: When Kenzo soul sights the chelate zombie. All that you see is the crown pouring into this suit of armor
Tim Sackton: like this thick black tendril from the crown.
Mike Sackton: Can we use the chat light, Zombie, to fight a polyon? Why wouldn't we bring it with us?
Kate Sackton: Think so.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't keep.
Tim Sackton: You already did quite a bit of damage to it, but it's not dead.
Kate Sackton: 5 heroes of diverse races and a chelite zombie walk into a tomb.
Tim Sackton: So, as the afternoon passes during this discussion.
Tim Sackton: what are you doing for the rest of the evening?
Mike Sackton: Do we do? We know precisely where
Mike Sackton: we're going to kill a Polyon.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. You flew over it the 1st day.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: It's oh, wait here on the drankor map.
Tim Sackton: It's this dome surrounded by red mist.
Mike Sackton: Right, so we don't know how to get through the red mist.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, which one.
Tim Sackton: This dome, surrounded.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! At the top.
Tim Sackton: I mean the top of the dome is not
Tim Sackton: so. Let me see, I thought I had a.
Mike Sackton: Oh, so we could just fly in, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: The top of the dome comes up out of the mist.
Tim Sackton: Here's what you saw when you flew over it.
Mike Sackton: So in theory, we could just go inside somehow.
Mike Sackton: But it costs us spells.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think we're gonna long rest.
Mike Sackton: Gonna what maybe we should scout.
Mike Sackton: Can anybody scout? Is anybody good at like
Mike Sackton: I don't wanna go just trying to. Maybe clairvoyant.
Kate Sackton: Resilient.
Eric Rosenbaum: The distance, though. Oh, it's a little over a mile, so.
Tim Sackton: Only a bit over a mile. Clairvoyance is a mile right?
Tim Sackton: Need one doubling to get it.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, we could do that.
Mike Sackton: Good starting spot.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can put it just below that couple of.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looking down.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Add the structure.
Tim Sackton: So seeker, cast clairvoyance, pulling up love and manipulating his magic to cast it further
Tim Sackton: from a vantage point just inside the the dome of the building.
Tim Sackton: You're looking down at a vast open temple
Tim Sackton: in some architectural ways similar to the temple you're in now, although not quite as big, but rather than
Tim Sackton: 8 domes dedicated to the 8 divines of Moss numina, there is a massive statue of Oh, my!
Tim Sackton: If Dimitar, attuned to that Crown.
Tim Sackton: The world would be a very, very different place.
David S. Kong: Different, bad, different, good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who can say?
Tim Sackton: Different.
Tim Sackton: You are looking down at.
Tim Sackton: but I don't know if you'd be able to make the charisma save.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not, it's his.
Eric Rosenbaum: His head is far too small.
Tim Sackton: His head is too small, the crown may be a job there.
Tim Sackton: You are looking down at this.
Tim Sackton: An open space dominated by a massive statue of a Polyon.
Tim Sackton: Standing
Tim Sackton: holding the scepter in one hand, a long flowing cloak behind him, probably 40 feet tall.
Tim Sackton: extending from the statue. There are rows of dark pillars with pews arranged
Tim Sackton: among them, set up all facing the statue front of the statue is an altar of sorts.
Tim Sackton: Looking around the rest of the temples it, this whole place seems unfinished. There are
Tim Sackton: half carved statues in wall niches, extending in both directions from the huge statue of Apollyon. There are murals that are half painted
Tim Sackton: in the flickering light, too far away to make out details, but you can see, you know, part of it has been painted, and the rest of it is just kind of sketched and carved in the wall and not filled in
Tim Sackton: to the left and right there are large side chapels that from your
Tim Sackton: position of the eyeball at the roof of the dome you can't see into
Tim Sackton: There is a open door to the south.
Tim Sackton: Steps leading up from this open door to the
Tim Sackton: level of this temple floor, red mist pooling at the bottom of the steps, but not seeming to ascend the steps themselves.
Tim Sackton: No obvious other exits from this room that you can see, and nothing moving within it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the the red mist seems to not flow above a certain height.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's no mist inside the temple itself.
Tim Sackton: and none are are at the level of the cupola at least.
Tim Sackton: But it surrounds the building.
Kate Sackton: We experience the Red Mist firsthand, or do we just think we know what it does?
Kate Sackton: I can't remember.
Tim Sackton: You don't know what it does, but it turned Rs day from
Tim Sackton: you know, super powerful elven paladin to a sickly elf who couldn't fight.
Kate Sackton: Vision of history we saw.
Tim Sackton: In what?
Tim Sackton: No, this was something. When they all went to Oren Lawson actually talked to this F
Tim Sackton: was, when wasn't there.
Mike Sackton: We haven't used any of our 5.
Tim Sackton: No, you've used.
Tim Sackton: You've used 2. I think you've used one or 2.
Mike Sackton: I think we used one. Maybe
Mike Sackton: I was just thinking, maybe Restis would have some idea about the
Mike Sackton: but I mean, is there any. Don't we just need to
Mike Sackton: teleport or dimension door, or fly to the roof with a couple, and then
Mike Sackton: well, I mean, the easiest would be to
Mike Sackton: teleport that obviously has some.
Mike Sackton: It's bowel costs.
Mike Sackton: And so also some risk of failure. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! How, how far away is our ship?
Tim Sackton: Your ship is still
Tim Sackton: It had traveled 400 miles, and then you turned it around this morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: So by tomorrow morning it'll be 200 miles away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man really wanted to just take take down that whole dome with it.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: And Apollyon himself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where's his being?
Eric Rosenbaum: Is he like.
Tim Sackton: I mean in the temple somewhere, but where? Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is he in a tomb, or something, or Barry.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we know.
Kate Sackton: Did we see, like side doors going on in the clairvoyant side doors, going off into anti timbers that we can't explore because the sensor is not placed there? Or do we know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm seeing.
Kate Sackton: Doors that we have.
Tim Sackton: You know we're.
Kate Sackton: Lap.
Tim Sackton: There were side. There were 2 side chapels on the left and the right couldn't see into.
Tim Sackton: and there very well could be hidden
Tim Sackton: stairs, up or well, not really up, but down.
Tim Sackton: or there could be obvious stairs in one of the side chapels.
Kate Sackton: So he's either in a side chapel or he's down some stairs somewhere.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: And if we can't find the stairs that could make a tunnel.
Kate Sackton: although I don't know where I'd be tunneling to.
Kate Sackton: we could tremor sense and blah blah all that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: But they're bread missed so.
Kate Sackton: If we clear that out, can I cause, like a strong gust of wind, or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: It would be interesting to know what affects the mist
Eric Rosenbaum: is. The mist is like a great war phenomenon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there.
Tim Sackton: That's like, how.
Eric Rosenbaum: About it.
Tim Sackton: Shamat destroyed, Drankor, was with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thread.
Tim Sackton: And came back during the Great War.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I have any historical knowledge of it?
Tim Sackton: I mean, the historical knowledge of it is anybody who enters, it dies.
Eric Rosenbaum: But have there been any historical remediation projects to remove.
Tim Sackton: It just well during the Great War. It just eventually slowly went away, but it left behind the plaguelands.
Tim Sackton: which is like weird and cursed and twisted.
Tim Sackton: but not, you know. You can enter it, and not immediately die.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Tim Sackton: In
Tim Sackton: other parts of Drankor, and on the circular island there were like plague echoes, and in Carson, actually, in places where many people have died from the plague. There's like echoes of their
Tim Sackton: death. There's like, you know, ghosts that float around and stuff. But you've never, except for here you've never seen
Tim Sackton: actual red mist anywhere.
Tim Sackton: It's not supposed to persist for long periods of time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe something's been actively creating it more recently.
Tim Sackton: Well, or maybe she might just put extra effort into building a prison for a polyon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: So I mean, okay, problem one, we need to get inside the temple without go.
Mike Sackton: It was a red mist problem. 2, find a Polyon's tomb. Problem 3. Kill him.
Mike Sackton: probably is part of to avoid any traps.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's too many problems.
Mike Sackton: Getting inside shouldn't be. I mean.
Mike Sackton: how close is the red mist?
Mike Sackton: How close is the edge of the mist to the.
Tim Sackton: This. This map is fairly accurate. As far as that is concerned. It's like a few 100 feet.
Mike Sackton: So like, could we?
Mike Sackton: Could we be like 500 feet away?
Mike Sackton: I guess the problem with dimension doors is just kind of expensive spell. Wise.
Tim Sackton: To our all.
Tim Sackton: It's just me.
Eric Rosenbaum: And one other.
Tim Sackton: If you're gonna bring the chelite night with you.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: You can only do 4.
Kate Sackton: He can walk through.
Tim Sackton: Trail at night might be able to walk through the red mist. You never know.
Kate Sackton: Give it a shot. Meet us there if you're dying. Sorry.
Tim Sackton: I mean it's up to you. You command him.
Mike Sackton: Why also possible?
Kate Sackton: I mean, if we can't think of a way, it seems too difficult to move the redness, but I keep going back to it because something like fly
Kate Sackton: can inevitably like run out or get disrupted in some way or like, I'm just nervous about
Kate Sackton: fly. But if it's necessary it's necessary.
Kate Sackton: But also, if we have to go down through it to get to
Kate Sackton: wherever he is, if he's not
Kate Sackton: hovering above the red mist in one of the 2 side chapels. Then we're gonna have to at least
Kate Sackton: briefly plunge through it to go.
Mike Sackton: Hold on! Is the red mist inside the I missed that.
Eric Rosenbaum: It comes up the steps, but not into the building. Something
Eric Rosenbaum: that's the entrance steps that's like the door to the outside, that it's pooling around.
Tim Sackton: Wasn't inside the building.
Tim Sackton: It's not. It's just in. It's inside. It's across the threshold, but it doesn't. There's like a big entrance doorway, and then there's a series of steps that lead up to the main temple level, and it's pooling around the doorway.
Kate Sackton: And it's not inside the temple.
Tim Sackton: But it's not.
Kate Sackton: Oh, okay, I feel a lot better. I thought, cause I was. I was being distracted by my, you know.
Kate Sackton: crown connections in my head worries. And so I thought that you said that inside the temple it was up to some steps that were up to an altar.
Kate Sackton: That's I thought I thought it was the step to an altar in the temple.
Tim Sackton: It's just the steps up to the main floor. It's not anywhere on the main floor.
Mike Sackton: But we actually don't have any good way of wait. Can you tunnel through
Mike Sackton: walls or just earth? You can tunnel through walls.
Kate Sackton: They're stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a scroll of pass. Wall, I think. Let me check.
Kate Sackton: Is that effective?
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Does that affect everybody?
Kate Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Passwal just creates a door that just sits for an hour.
Mike Sackton: So why don't we just fly to the roof and then tunnel through.
Eric Rosenbaum: With passport. Yeah, let's see what I mean.
Mike Sackton: It cost me a spell, but
Mike Sackton: because I don't think we have enough flies otherwise.
Tim Sackton: You've only got 2 native flyers.
Eric Rosenbaum: 30 foot range.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, we. We fly to the outside of the building, and then we
Kate Sackton: either bust open the door from the top or use pass wall to make a hole in the wall or ceiling, or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: And if we use your scroll, then we don't have to use one of my spells, or one of my abilities.
Mike Sackton: Well, an ability use might be worth might be better than a.
Mike Sackton: It's not gonna be useful for anything else. We can always use the scroll inside. If we have to right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: Try it either way.
Kate Sackton: Could do it in that order, too.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you're gonna rest.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So a few things.
Tim Sackton: as you begin to, as you're just plot it, making your plans for attacking a polyon
Tim Sackton: and dealt with is putting dinner together as the sun is going down.
Tim Sackton: Well, be, you get a message from Sarah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. She updates you a little. On the morning before dawn the Chardonian wizards rain fire on our camps
Tim Sackton: with an evil wind that fan the flames into an inferno
Tim Sackton: they fled, taking shelter along the river where they could but sometime shortly before noon
Tim Sackton: should have been like 3 or set or 2 in the afternoon here, or something like that or one
Tim Sackton: The most amazing and unexpected thing happened. A woman riding fast on a phantom speed
Tim Sackton: steed chased us down, waving a flag of parley.
Tim Sackton: She spoke urgently, claiming that the commander of the Chardonian legions, General Marius Kusuco, had called a halt to hostilities,
Tim Sackton: Saying that he had come to realize the gods did not want this war, and he had ordered his legions to retreat back to Chardon and pray for further guidance.
Tim Sackton: Indeed, he said, he actually asked for aid, if possible.
Tim Sackton: as a small contingent of his wizards and legions. Not many, but enough to cause trouble.
Tim Sackton: Had refused to acknowledge his command, and fled camp.
Tim Sackton: We agreed to send a scouting party, at least to see if how many there were. But
Tim Sackton: if he's retreating, not going to ask them to stay to deal with whatever
Tim Sackton: small number of wizards and legions may remain.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what you did, but
Tim Sackton: I appreciate that.
David S. Kong: You're welcome. Everyone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oops!
Tim Sackton: I will update you if anything changes overnight.
Tim Sackton: But.
David S. Kong: That's your advantage.
Tim Sackton: Well, I'm not going to attack retreating troops.
Tim Sackton: but we will re-fortify the border for sure, and try to hunt down these wizards that fled from his camp.
David S. Kong: Wonderful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nudes.
Tim Sackton: It's the gun.
Tim Sackton: God's work in mysterious ways.
David S. Kong: All the good we can do.
Kate Sackton: That has been done.
Tim Sackton: She turns off the message Stone.
Tim Sackton: and you take a long rest.
Tim Sackton: And here's when you level up
Tim Sackton: so hopefully, everybody decide what they want? I would like to propose.
Tim Sackton: are are people up for going like maybe another hour tonight? Is that okay? That would push us till 1230.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
Tim Sackton: Might be a bit, maybe a bit less.
Tim Sackton: The timing will work exceptionally well to end on a dramatic cliffhanger. If
Tim Sackton: we can go about another hour. But maybe we take a short break now, so people can level up
Tim Sackton: anybody who needs to get up and do anything like, let's take like 5 min.
David S. Kong: How do we level up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Go to well for Kenza, so go to the little hammer, the little builder, the ham, the like, hammer and anvil.
David S. Kong: Yep.
Tim Sackton: And then click level 15 and change it to level 16 done.
Tim Sackton: and then scroll down to the bottom. There should be like a ability score improvement option. I think Kenza just wants plus 2 to wisdom, because that'll give you plus one A/C and increase your key save DC.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do we add the thing that I was gonna.
David S. Kong: Higher levels.
David S. Kong: Oh, man, I can become an astral being next level, holy shit!
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
David S. Kong: That's sick.
David S. Kong: I like. Oh, I get an ability score for improvement. I see.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I would say, I think for Kenza. You definitely want to just add 2 to wisdom, cause that'll improve your A/C by one that'll improve your your key abilities by one
David S. Kong: Cool.
Tim Sackton: Eric, if you, if you for the for tough, if you go to
Tim Sackton: where it says ability, score where it says, choose a feat. Just scroll down, you should see, tough as one of the feats.
David S. Kong: And I can also choose a Pete.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So you should choose ability, score improvement as the feat, and then.
Tim Sackton: and constitution or wisdom twice as your choices.
David S. Kong: Boom!
David S. Kong: Done!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, look at that! HP, nice.
Mike Sackton: Do you think I should take point shift? I was asking people earlier. Is it useful to? Because, Eric, you don't have point shift right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Correct.
Mike Sackton: So having 2 people with plane shift is probably worth it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Otis.
Mike Sackton: I get a 7th level spell.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's particularly worth it, because Riswind has a bunch of demands on spells to prepare.
Mike Sackton: Right. So she doesn't always prepare plane shift right?
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think I'm just gonna take my shift. It's good to have.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're gonna need something like that.
David S. Kong: Sweet.
Tim Sackton: And then, when you take a long rest, click the reset.
Tim Sackton: So take a long rest to refresh everything, reset Max HP, cause that will all.
Tim Sackton: Oh, actually the the aid resets. But the but you didn't cast!
Tim Sackton: You didn't cast heroes feast until noon
Tim Sackton: till like 11 Am. 11 am. So you still got when you you know you go to bed early. When you wake up, you'll still have
Tim Sackton: like 4 h on Hero's feast if you want to just risk it.
Kate Sackton: Or do we wanna just burn another?
Kate Sackton: Can I cast it while it's still in effect or no?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it just re it just whichever, if you roll higher than 9.
Tim Sackton: Well, you know, you just take the new role for the new headpoints, but that would give you
Tim Sackton: a full 24 h of immunity to fear.
Tim Sackton: you know. Expensive in the Jewel Bull front. But you've still got what 7 of them! So.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, maybe do that before I long rest. So that we okay.
Kate Sackton: do I have a spell? Slot?
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: You could use your 8th level slot for it.
Kate Sackton: Oh, that's true!
Tim Sackton: So then it'll it won't last. Then it'll only last till 7 Pm.
Tim Sackton: Or 8 Pm. Or something like that.
Tim Sackton: 9 Pm. However late you want to do it. You could go as late as like 9 and still be up at 7,
Tim Sackton: but that's better for spell slot usage. So.
Kate Sackton: So we'll say so. We'll do that
Kate Sackton: right. Sorry. I'm still in the leveling up thing.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Okay. Now.
Kate Sackton: I don't know if I got my plus to either wisdom or charisma they're supposed to get. But whatever
Kate Sackton: not worrying about it. Spills cast heroes feast as a
Kate Sackton: you can't technically upcast it like it doesn't appear.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it doesn't matter. You can still use a higher level slot. It just doesn't do anything different casting it slot.
Kate Sackton: All right, but just for the mechanics of being able to just roll it, I'm gonna.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: So today's boost is 14.
Tim Sackton: So everybody should take a long rest and click on the reset.
Tim Sackton: Click on the reset, Max, HP, when you long rest, and then
Tim Sackton: everybody add 14 Max, HP. Again.
Tim Sackton: and here's these will last until 9 PM.
Tim Sackton: This evening.
David S. Kong: Did my get added right time?
Tim Sackton: Let me look at your character sheet.
Tim Sackton: Hold on.
David S. Kong: Level 16. Now, my hope points don't think like they doesn't look like they went out.
Tim Sackton: That might be because you're
Tim Sackton: see.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. 1, 15.
David S. Kong: Did it? It went.
Tim Sackton: They were. Oh, because your Max age you get you get 7 hit points per.
Kate Sackton: Level, or something like that. So.
Tim Sackton: When you remove the 9 hit points from Hero's feast, and then add the 7. It actually looks like your hit points. Go down. But actually your hit points went up.
David S. Kong: That's weird. I thought I had more.
Mike Sackton: Sounds like a hundred 44 before. That's because add aid.
Tim Sackton: That was from A. That was the various spells that people cast to boost your.
David S. Kong: That's what I'm saying. I was plus 29.
David S. Kong: Yeah. But my hip points didn't go up because I had. I had 1 15 before I added, plus 29 at the beginning, which brought me to 1, 44, and then I long rested, and it brought me back to 1 15.
David S. Kong: So I've not gained any hit points from 15th level to 16th level.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: I'm pretty sure that.
David S. Kong: So I I definitely had 1 15 before, because I added 29. Right at the beginning of this we all added 29 to our maximum.
David S. Kong: which brought me to one.
Tim Sackton: One is 1 15 is what you should have is what you should have.
David S. Kong: That's what I had for 15th Level.
Tim Sackton: No, I think there's I think there's something with Max HP. Modifiers or stuff is because
Tim Sackton: if I look at Welby,
Tim Sackton: who hasn't leveled up yet he has 1 0 9, so you should have had 1 0 9 at 15th level.
Tim Sackton: and then you you add
Tim Sackton: you add 6.
David S. Kong: Alright!
Tim Sackton: 7.
Tim Sackton: I don't know exactly, but I'm pretty confident that I'm just. I'll just. I'm just double checking the math right now, but I'm pretty confident that you need to be on. It's 5 per level plus
Tim Sackton: 16 times 2 plus yeah, 1, 15,
Tim Sackton: 8 plus 32 plus 15 times 5 is 1 15 is correct.
David S. Kong: Alright!
Tim Sackton: Okay. So now, once everybody finishes dealing with all of their level ups.
Kate Sackton: Be quick!
Tim Sackton: Long rest, you should go ahead and add your Max HP. Override to 14.
Kate Sackton: Make sure that you give yourself heroic inspiration, and then you can also take your.
Tim Sackton: What 16
Tim Sackton: 16 temporary hit points from Rizwyn's new inspiring leader.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Plus. If deal with this custom aid, you can do some aids.
Mike Sackton: I guess there's no re. Well, we're not just like taking a short rest.
Tim Sackton: Up to you if you want to get started right at dawn, or if you want to take a short rest.
Mike Sackton: No, I think we should get started.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so just give your give everybody. Give yourself 16 temporary hit points, and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Top of the 14 Max.
Kate Sackton: I woke up.
Tim Sackton: Not Max. HP, these are just temporary hit points, because so you can't heal them back.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that's in addition to.
Tim Sackton: It's in addition to the 14.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: 14 from the heroes feast that will recycle as you heal them back as needed, and then 16 that are just temporary.
David S. Kong: So red, 14 to maximum, and then 16 temporaries.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Tim, is it possible that I don't gain these spell slots from going.
Tim Sackton: Don't gain any spell slots, or any new spells from going to 15 to 16.
Kate Sackton: Oh, bummer.
Tim Sackton: You gain them when you go up to.
Mike Sackton: As you.
Mike Sackton: Oh, cause you're maxed out at your lower level spells at this point.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you get another spell. You get a 9th level spell. When you go to 17.
Kate Sackton: But I don't get like a second or a 3rd intermediate.
Tim Sackton: Get a second 6 Level slot at
Tim Sackton: 18 and a second 7th Level slot at 20, or something like that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: But there's no such thing as a 3rd 5th level slot.
Kate Sackton: or a second.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you know.
Mike Sackton: No, you get a 3.rd At 18 you get a 3rd 5th Level slot.
Tim Sackton: But yeah, your rate slows down as you go up.
Mike Sackton: Well.
Kate Sackton: I had already picked out what I was going to add.
Mike Sackton: To 16 is the only level you get. No new spells.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Every every weather from here on out
Mike Sackton: you do. 1617, you get a 9th Level spell.
Mike Sackton: 1718. You get a 5, th
Mike Sackton: 1819, you get a 6, th 1920, you get a 7.th
Mike Sackton: But 1516, you get nothing.
Kate Sackton: I could get rid of something if we think that I should really have.
Tim Sackton: Okay, 1314. You also don't get it.
Mike Sackton: Now right.
Kate Sackton: I could change protection from energy to
Tim Sackton: I think that's always prepared. I don't think you can change that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, heavens! To Betsy, I can change something.
Tim Sackton: Jump, main shift.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry to be late to the party. But remind me again, what are the temp or increased? Max hit points that we get.
Tim Sackton: 14 increased. Max hit points from heroes feast and 16 temp hit points from from Riswin's inspiring leader.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cool.
Kate Sackton: So, even though Kenzo can remove curses, we thought it might be helpful for me to have remove curse if I can unprepare something.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I guess, sending we're not going to need in the middle of a battle.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, someone else had sending.
Tim Sackton: I would not, unprepared to spell magic or revivify, or spirit guardians.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, no, I know which is why I brought up sending.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I'm learning. Dispel magic this level. I think
Mike Sackton: so. We'll have another spell. Magic er.
Kate Sackton: Well, that's good, but still I don't think I should get.
Mike Sackton: Don't get rid of it no, definitely. Don't get rid of it.
Kate Sackton: But then I'm just trying to make move room for remove curse, and it's.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you could just dump, plane, shift and learn, remove, curse.
Tim Sackton: You don't have to keep them all at the same level. You have them at.
Kate Sackton: I mean, unless I'm gonna death word, Kenzo, before we go in like like I used to.
Tim Sackton: Take it down.
Kate Sackton: Death, ward.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Do you want a death word? Anybody.
Kate Sackton: It has come in handy.
Kate Sackton: Maybe I should keep that
Kate Sackton: fine plane shift.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Is everybody ready?
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: As the morning dawns.
Tim Sackton: Another hot, muggy day, the threat of rain in the air
Tim Sackton: as you step out of the safety of the Temple, heading north for
Tim Sackton: Apollyon's tomb, Slash Temple.
Kate Sackton: Oh, so if I'm I deaf? Worded Kenza. By the way.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is death. Warden.
Kate Sackton: My usual move.
Tim Sackton: Anything else you want to do before you move, leave the safety of the temple.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Want to send an animal to scout ahead, or.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's see, how long is it gonna take us to get over there? Because I could do the animated ladder.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think.
Mike Sackton: what do you get back on a who do you get back stuff back on short rest, seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Basically no.
Tim Sackton: You get back.
Tim Sackton: Bardic inspiration, inspiration on shore. Rest. That's it.
Mike Sackton: My my plan was potentially to cast prayer of healing.
Mike Sackton: which is 10 min. I don't think we're gonna be able to do a full hour, long, short rest, but a prayer of healing is only 10 min and gives us short rest.
Mike Sackton: I might try and do that once we get inside before we explore too much.
Mike Sackton: But so that would be something to keep in mind right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that I'll have time to do the animated yeah thing.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That time. Okay, so I'll wait.
Tim Sackton: So you just set out on foot.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You begin making your way through the now somewhat familiar ruins of Drankor, heading north towards this rise
Tim Sackton: in the hills, so you pass through the Temple district.
Tim Sackton: Riswin in the lead.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna I'm gonna charge you a Channel divinity. Not don't want to play out some minor battle with undead, but just mark off a use of a Channel divinity as Riswin
Tim Sackton: Pushes forward with her holy symbol. Are you bring? You're bringing the chelate night.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Your brain. Are you doing anything else.
David S. Kong: There's no way of Polyon can like take the chain light night and like use them against us right.
Tim Sackton: Chop things.
David S. Kong: I don't think so. There, let's bring the channel today. It'll be useful.
Tim Sackton: Love the girl, or I could go wrong.
Tim Sackton: The riswin
Tim Sackton: Blazing with the divine light of the barzel driving undead before her as she leads you forward
Tim Sackton: Through the haunted streets of drankor.
Tim Sackton: 20 min past 30 min. As you begin to climb.
Tim Sackton: This rise roughly here.
Tim Sackton: Sorry you can't see that. Why is it not picking
Tim Sackton: roughly here, and as you, as you climb you now see
Tim Sackton: Over the lip of this hill. This whole area back here.
Tim Sackton: you see cracks. You see the the earth collapsed.
Tim Sackton: This seems like this once was just a hill above the city
Tim Sackton: and the area around Apollyon's temple. Slash tomb has been sunk.
Tim Sackton: the earth itself has collapsed underneath the tomb, and we need to switch to
Tim Sackton: Polyon's tomb, and as you rise, come up to the crest of this hill
Tim Sackton: You see before you this swirling
Tim Sackton: sea of red mist, just the top of the cupola of the temple, rising above it about
Tim Sackton: 600 700 feet away, something like that, 800 feet away.
Tim Sackton: from the lip the edge of this.
Tim Sackton: The sinkhole in which the jungle has grown up around the temple that once stood
Tim Sackton: on! The highest prominence! Looking out over the city.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so what he's doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't wait, say, about the sinkhole again.
Tim Sackton: The this whole area that's filled with red mist.
Tim Sackton: now that you get here on foot and up close. Looks like this once was just a hill that rose up above the city and formed a height of land that could look out over the city of Drankor, where Apollo
Tim Sackton: collapse the temple to himself, but it's now collapsed in a massive sinkhole.
Eric Rosenbaum: It appears that the temple was built on top of
Eric Rosenbaum: like after the sinkhole collapsed, or before.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no! Before before.
Tim Sackton: Somehow it remained intact as it fell.
Tim Sackton: Probably magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the the temple dropped.
Tim Sackton: The temple dropped and the red mist poured around it. But everything else around the temple, like there used to be a road that led up the hill. It's like the paving stones are all twisted. Here you see no intact ruins as you're looking down into the mists, only
Tim Sackton: the cupola of the temple of Apollyon rising above the mist. No other ruins seem to survive here, although, looking behind you, you can see the massive amphitheater, the you know the whole ruins of the city of Drankor stretching out
Tim Sackton: to the south.
Tim Sackton: but turning to the north, looking into the mists, there's nothing just a sinkhole filled with red mist.
Tim Sackton: the trees of the jungle somehow growing through it.
Tim Sackton: and the dome of the cupola of Apollyon's temple rising above the mist.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any precedent in, you know the sort of annals of
Eric Rosenbaum: dwarven architectural catastrophe of a whole mountain hollowed out and then collapsed.
Tim Sackton: I mean, sure, like, you know.
Tim Sackton: South, there was a whole, you know, the whole dwarven kingdom that was south of
Tim Sackton: where Seeker grew up was like, basically completely, you know, hundreds of miles of massive mountain chains were collapsed and sunk into a giant pit
Tim Sackton: when Shamuth died.
Tim Sackton: Oh, right, this is pretty minor in comparison to that. This would hardly even be a footnote in a book of the worst disasters that have reshaped the face of Talgar.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the sort of implication is that there was a vast underground
Eric Rosenbaum: chamber or network of chambers that has now been.
Tim Sackton: No, not necessarily. It might have just been. Shamut went boom.
Tim Sackton: and the ground compressed beneath the power of his incorrect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Never mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So standing now, looking across this mist, Apollyon's tomb itself, what are you gonna do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Got to get up there.
Mike Sackton: Plan is to fly to the top of the cupola, and then pass well through it right.
Kate Sackton: What?
Kate Sackton: Yes, roughly. Why are we going in so high? So then we have to get down. I guess we're we'll be flying so it doesn't matter.
Mike Sackton: And to avoid them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we gotta go up over the mist.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Mike Sackton: I mean, it just seems a little bit nicer to land somewhere. We can actually touch our feet down and then do pass. Well, I guess you can hover with Fly, so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I could send a bat ahead to see if they can get in. Maybe there's a crack in the dome or something. We could see what's inside. Know what we're getting into.
Mike Sackton: I mean we already clairvoyanced right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'll check in, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, but the bat will die in some interesting way, probably based on.
Mike Sackton: True. Yeah, no, it's it's a good omen to send the Bat scout to die right.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just how we've done things.
Mike Sackton: It's just the way we roll.
Mike Sackton: I mean, basically could just walk through the red mist sacrificing drink after drink. I mean Chardonian after Chardonian.
Eric Rosenbaum: It would be more of that does to a creature.
David S. Kong: I support that plan.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are you?
Tim Sackton: Actually the plan of risk and just killing lots of people.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Risman, you're still attuned to the crown, even though it's in the portable hole, and you've slept a long rest like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you can still feel your yeah.
Mike Sackton: Can you still use it? I mean, presumably. Yes, no.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Does it have like hours that you've learned how to use
Mike Sackton: like, can you, you know, shoot lightning bolts, or something out of your eyes?
Kate Sackton: Could do that already Dude.
Mike Sackton: Fair.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean. The only thing that I could see looking at it through my goggles was
Eric Rosenbaum: power to manifest your own vision for the future, which is kind of broad notion of
Eric Rosenbaum: power, is available. So it's hard for me to say.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But if Rizwin has something in mind, maybe she could make it happen.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Oh, animal shapes is an interesting idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it's an.
Mike Sackton: Sorry. I always.
Eric Rosenbaum: Lot for me. I only just saw that
Eric Rosenbaum: depends how tight you are for spell slots.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: 8th level slot for me, which I'll.
Mike Sackton: I can. I mean, I could just burn all 3 of my slots on various prep spells, and then cast prayer of healing and get them all back. It just cost us 10 min.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we'll actually time, once we're in there.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I have a couple of other tricks to get slots back, too, if I I can get a fair number of slots back.
Kate Sackton: So we could just fly to the top of the cupola, stand comfortably, slash.
Mike Sackton: Let's just.
Kate Sackton: Fly Hopper. Yeah, and you'll do your get everything back. Magic.
Mike Sackton: So I think I'll wait to do that until we've actually gone into the tomb and seen what happened.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you cast 5.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: On you, Riswyn.
Tim Sackton: How many can you hit with? Fly? 3 people.
Mike Sackton: 3, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Not not seeker, not
Tim Sackton: What is happening to chase.
Mike Sackton: Hold on! Hold on! Wait! Is it 3 or 4? Let me just double check if it's 3 or 4.
Tim Sackton: English, or.
Mike Sackton: We're short one time.
Tim Sackton: Your smart button from the.
Mike Sackton: Short 1. 0, hold on!
Mike Sackton: What did the inside look like?
Tim Sackton: Like a temple like there's the altar.
Tim Sackton: giant statue, Napoleon, black pillars with pews.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: Light dim rather light throughout.
Mike Sackton: We could dimension door 2 people.
Mike Sackton: and it just means some of us going in without the others. That could be bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that's just the 500 feet range.
Tim Sackton: Is it 500 feet to the roof of the couple, or is that
Tim Sackton: to the roof of you? Could you could creep close enough to be within 500 feet of the roof of the cupola.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we just do that?
Mike Sackton: I'll cast fly on the trailite night, the Briswyn and Seeker.
Mike Sackton: and then which? Who's the Kenzo? As the loud.
Tim Sackton: Enzo's flight is loud.
Mike Sackton: That I'll dimension door me and Kenzo to the kupa.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Don't know how we'll get down from the coupa. But that's not my problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll solve that when we get there.
Mike Sackton: Future. I don't.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
David S. Kong: And so can walk down walls, fall off things.
Tim Sackton: Under the red mist. I mean. Yes, but.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no! On the inside.
Tim Sackton: Oh, in the inside, in the inside. Yeah, whatever.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I probably climbable.
Kate Sackton: We all.
Mike Sackton: The interior section might be reasonably climbable.
Tim Sackton: So.
Kate Sackton: Hook up a rope.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You find yourself now on the roof of the of the cupola.
Tim Sackton: There is. There's like a outer area. That's
Tim Sackton: that you can walk around, and there's a door.
Mike Sackton: That is a door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should we open the door.
Kate Sackton: Don't need password.
Eric Rosenbaum: The dome.
Mike Sackton: It's it's at the top right.
Tim Sackton: This is the top. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Is that? Is it trapped?
Mike Sackton: Is it magical?
David S. Kong: By the way, Tim.
Tim Sackton: Magical is somebody.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'll check for traps.
Mike Sackton: I was pointing it. You couldn't see me point because the zoom, but.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Make an investigation, Jack.
David S. Kong: Tim, there's no music. By the way.
Tim Sackton: Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
David S. Kong: Not that I need to hear like a lot of very scary shit right now, absolutely.
Tim Sackton: There you do not find any obvious traps or non-obvious traps. Given that role.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I, I.
Tim Sackton: Not locked. It's just a narrow, it's narrow. It's like half height.
Kate Sackton: Wait, did you?
Kate Sackton: Was not magical, or it was magical.
Tim Sackton: Not magical.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna crack it open and take a look through.
Tim Sackton: There's stairs that seem to go spiral and then go down into the like side of the wall, and descend.
Kate Sackton: Hey? Guys, stairs.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's do it!
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Kate Sackton: Less crude than a big hole in the ceiling, and it.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You go down the stairs. What order are you going in?
Tim Sackton: It's cramped. The stairs are tight, so only Welby can move comfortably. Everybody else is crouched over.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Think I'm going first? st Probably.
Mike Sackton: Sure.
Kate Sackton: Don't go second.
Mike Sackton: I'll go last.
Eric Rosenbaum: And wait. What about Dallas?
Eric Rosenbaum: Wrist.
Mike Sackton: Bottom, I think, is better.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so these are stairs. I mean, the stairs descend.
Tim Sackton: it. Feel. It seems like you're going in like sort of
Tim Sackton: you curve around the base of the cupola, and then it seems like you're descending down
Tim Sackton: the almost like the inside of the back wall of the temple.
Tim Sackton: It's a tight spiral that's going down. You go down maybe 75, a hundred feet
Tim Sackton: and find yourself now with a entrance that comes out sort of next near next to where the
Tim Sackton: where the statue is behind the behind the altar.
Mike Sackton: At.
Mike Sackton: I'm not sure I totally understand what you mean by it.
Mike Sackton: An entrance.
Tim Sackton: You. You go down this tight spiral, and then it
Tim Sackton: comes out onto the ground floor. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Mike Sackton: Let's not quite step onto the so like.
Mike Sackton: and we're like behind, like, where like, let's
Mike Sackton: minute to look around before we do anything.
Kate Sackton: I think only Welby can see, because the rest of us are just sort of within this totally.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, I'll take a long, careful, probing look all around to see what I can see.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's it's only dimly lit.
Tim Sackton: You can't. You can't easily see more than
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: 60, 70 feet away from you. There's light, there's like dim, flickering light coming from the
Tim Sackton: like light in the roof that's letting sunlight, but it's filtered to the mist, so it's so dim and
Tim Sackton: as you step out.
Mike Sackton: Don't step out yet.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Welby is looking out.
Tim Sackton: The rest of you are still in the staircase.
Mike Sackton: I mean. But there's
Mike Sackton: can we see? I'm just trying to understand if we can see any ways down or.
Tim Sackton: You see the floor of the temple, you see this row of pillars. You see a big altar. You can see
Tim Sackton: the bulk of the statue just to your right.
Mike Sackton: I sorry I didn't realize there's a map in all 20 where? Okay?
Tim Sackton: So the statue is like up against the wall here, this is the altar.
Eric Rosenbaum: These are the.
Tim Sackton: The pillars.
Tim Sackton: You can't actually quite see all of this, because it's dark. But.
Mike Sackton: But there's no obvious, like other place to go where the actual imprisoned tomb of Apollyon would be.
Tim Sackton: Not immediately obvious from what you can see right here. These stairs don't go down any further.
Mike Sackton: Is there anything magical here.
Tim Sackton: Within 30 feet, no.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: But Orient, you said there were side chapels, are they? Off to the left and the right.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, they're off to the left and the right. This is big, like hundreds of feet wide. This.
Mike Sackton: And Kenzo, the Chewie Knight, and Rizwyn can fly.
Mike Sackton: Just keep. Oh, no, not yes, not Kenzo, seeker, seeker.
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: You gonna do your 10 min thing. We all just cuddle cuddle here in the stairwell.
Mike Sackton: Do you guys think we should take 10 min now before we go on for the floor?
Mike Sackton: Does it seem quiet? Is anything reacting to us?
Tim Sackton: Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: Can hard to tell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and make a well, we can make a perception check.
Tim Sackton: Sorry I had something about else.
Tim Sackton: yeah, it seems quiet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Use tremor, since.
Tim Sackton: I mean you're crouched in the stairway.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Currently Welps. As far as I understand it, Welby is standing at the bottom of the stair, and has not stepped into the temple. The rest of you are
Tim Sackton: crouched huddled in the stairwell itself.
Mike Sackton: Okay. I'm not sure about taking 10 min right now. I'm not sure it's a good idea.
Mike Sackton: I'm just gonna do take 1 min to use my pact restore thing.
Mike Sackton: If we have a more obvious time to rest, I'll do the rest later.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Let's go.
Tim Sackton: Walk out.
Mike Sackton: I think everybody who can fly should fly.
Kate Sackton: Walk, slash, fly out! Yes.
Mike Sackton: Although I don't know if we want to do the loud raven Whistley! Fly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who has, who has fly exactly.
Mike Sackton: You. The Chaloite Knight and Riswyn are flying with deal with spell.
Mike Sackton: which has, like what 6 min left, probably.
Tim Sackton: 7 min.
Mike Sackton: Well, right?
Tim Sackton: Okay, so 6 min.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker will descend to place a hand on the stone floor. Once we're out to use tremor sense to detect.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: hold on, hold on one sec. So, seeker. Can you tell me what everybody's doing as you fly out before
Tim Sackton: we do before I I describe what happens.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'll be sneakily flying over
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to the top of a pillar, where it meets the ceiling to get a good look around the room.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Take another careful inspection.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Brisbane and the daylight nights fly, but don't touch down and sort of hover in the
Kate Sackton: area near that 1st pillar. Yeah, like.
Mike Sackton: When you guys say, 1st pillar, do you mean this one.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: That one.
Tim Sackton: And that's.
Mike Sackton: What is this?
Tim Sackton: Kind of move your tokens to where you're where you're flying to.
David S. Kong: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: Seeker is doing tremor sense where roughly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go over close to the altar.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: I would have done this a little bit earlier. But any any souls consciousnesses to speak of
David S. Kong: recognizable.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna activate, see? Invisible. But.
David S. Kong: Example.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, you know, since I've.
Mike Sackton: But otherwise I'm just gonna stay. I'm just gonna get to the place where I mean.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna go somewhere where I can see out the best as well.
Tim Sackton: I got.
Mike Sackton: Out of the way, but not actually step out onto the floor and work around.
Tim Sackton: And where's Kenza going.
David S. Kong: Awesome.
David S. Kong: Do I just like start praying at the altar like, what do you guys think.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, Kenzo, you're using your kenzo is using the sense. Aura.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Are you looking for anything in particular.
David S. Kong: Looking for Polyon.
Tim Sackton: And make a
Tim Sackton: make a inside check.
David S. Kong: 23.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. Hold on. Let me check one thing.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so that is your action. Okay? So I'll come back to you in a sec.
Tim Sackton: So as Rizwyn begins to drift out.
Tim Sackton: Seeker begins to move forward while B. Starts to fly.
Tim Sackton: Wait! Where did? Where is Welby?
Mike Sackton: Up here.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Rising, Kenzo, I assume you've got telepathy up right now.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Kenzel gives a telepathic shout of
Tim Sackton: fear and alarm, as you see rising from behind this statue, a undead preacher, a man
Tim Sackton: braying flesh and bald head as he begins to float up from the ground,
Tim Sackton: tattered but still obvious imperial robes of drankar trailing behind him.
Tim Sackton: a red scar dripping like around his eye, whole saving
Tim Sackton: yellow orange motes of light where his eyes are.
Tim Sackton: and you hear a voice echo out, Welcome, worshippers!
Tim Sackton: I've been waiting for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: This our guy.
David S. Kong: Timid, this is calling us.
Tim Sackton: This is a polyon.
Eric Rosenbaum: And he's.
David S. Kong: Does he look the same as the guy in? When I was staring at him, his soul in the land of the.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
David S. Kong: Dead tigers.
Mike Sackton: Is he? He's flying.
Tim Sackton: He's flying.
Mike Sackton: How tall is the ceiling!
Tim Sackton: About a hundred feet.
Tim Sackton: He's about 50 feet up.
Tim Sackton: You are welcome to kneel before me.
Tim Sackton: and you will not die immediately.
Tim Sackton: Besides.
David S. Kong: So we do. We all start kneeling.
David S. Kong: or, what was with multiple planner.
Kate Sackton: Do we do we roll initiative, or do we just get to surprise him by attacking.
Tim Sackton: I don't think you'd be surprised if you started attacking.
Kate Sackton: That's why I say, can you can roll initiative if you'd like to. He's not making the 1st move.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We could wait to see if he kneels before us.
Kate Sackton: You're good.
Kate Sackton: Suggest that I will be.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I mean, do we just start catacomb?
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, here for?
David S. Kong: I think that is what we're here for.
David S. Kong: Actually, since we haven't started yet, can I still set him now without rolling initiative?
Tim Sackton: No! That would be your action, that triggers the initiative.
David S. Kong: And.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would, animating the ladder. Trigger initiative.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, anything you want to do, trigger anything you do that's like
Tim Sackton: a combat action. He's gonna I mean, he's gonna attack. So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Searching soda. If there's anything to ask, there's anything we want to know.
David S. Kong: Yeah, like a
David S. Kong: what's what's what's what's your plan? What are your favorite things? You know? What's your what's your what are your ambitions we know as ambitions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait!
David S. Kong: I don't know if he was interested, but just try to kill him.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just a great point of point of clarity.
Eric Rosenbaum: He is still imprisoned in some sense, or is no longer imprisoned.
Tim Sackton: Oh, he's imprisoned! He can't leave this building for another 4 days
Tim Sackton: You notice as well that you can't leave this building for another 4 days.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, what.
David S. Kong: How do we noticed that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In what sense.
Tim Sackton: As soon as you enter the temple
Tim Sackton: you just have a sense. You feel this. Chains bind your souls.
Tim Sackton: No creature that has a soul, only a cons only constructs, and incorporeal and corporeal. Undead can leave
Tim Sackton: Apollyon's prison.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: So you are. You are imprisoned with him now.
David S. Kong: So roommates. In other words.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Don't worry. Dalwith brought snacks.
Tim Sackton: I have been eager for more souls.
Tim Sackton: You have taken something from me.
Tim Sackton: but brought me what I need to build a new one.
Tim Sackton: I will enjoy turning you into my next pylactery.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where does he know?
Mike Sackton: You mean? What does he bring
Mike Sackton: ourselves? He needs to sacrifice souls.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think we just kill him.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's going.
Kate Sackton: But that was a good monologue. There we got our monologue.
David S. Kong: Well, well, I mean, you know, do you? Wanna I mean well, do you? Wanna you know now's the chance. You know. You want to say something like, Let's have a moment. Do it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not an hour and over well, was gonna ask, what
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What do you want posterity to know about you?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You've waited so long only for this moment
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): pointless waste of time.
Tim Sackton: Polyon starts to laugh.
Tim Sackton: Soon posterity will know me as their god.
Tim Sackton: What I started will be finished.
David S. Kong: How long have you been imprisoned?
David S. Kong: You know.
Mike Sackton: No kill him! Kill him! Guys! Come on! Stop talking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's not interested in that. He attacks.
David S. Kong: Alright!
Kate Sackton: Your role initiatives? Yeah, 14.
Mike Sackton: 15.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 22.
Tim Sackton: Sorry I didn't see those. Oh, wait, I need to switch. Okay. 28. Anybody switching things?
Tim Sackton: Oh, chilly chelite is a 16 plus 4. Channelite is A is a 20.
Tim Sackton: Now with is 15. Riswin is 14. Seeker is 8.
Tim Sackton: What was Kenzo.
David S. Kong: 22.
Tim Sackton: Anybody switching.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think it makes sense for me to anyone want first, st though.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Wait! Who's secret? Was 8. What was Riswin? What was Riswyn.
Kate Sackton: 14 lost.
Mike Sackton: What was seeker.
Kate Sackton: Oh!
David S. Kong: Oh, 8. What was Kenzo sorry? What was Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: I mean the one advantage of dealt with going before Kenzo is even. You can't get to him.
Mike Sackton: but I could scatter us.
David S. Kong: Do you want to swap?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, there's no advantage in going dealt with going before.
Mike Sackton: Well be, but I could go before
Tim Sackton: Okay. Well, be dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Shay light. Kenzo riswin, seeker.
Mike Sackton: The only problem is, the fly is not allocated. Well.
David S. Kong: Where is? Where is Apollyon on this map?
Mike Sackton: All the way down here.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay. Okay.
Kate Sackton: That little black thing.
David S. Kong: He's so small.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Concentrated, evil.
Tim Sackton: Better.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It kind of is.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that is better. That is better.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's an amazing token.
Mike Sackton: Is that pillar go up like? What is that thing that he's next to.
Tim Sackton: This is a statue.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and and like, it's big.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, it's like 40 feet tall.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and he's like floating around near the top of it, or something.
Tim Sackton: He's basically floating near the top. And he he flew up from behind the pillar where he was.
Mike Sackton: And is it standable on.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Walby's first.st
Tim Sackton: Bobby.
Tim Sackton: what do you want to do? This is, we're not running the whole fight tonight. I'm gonna I have a stopping point shortly.
Tim Sackton: just letting people know, because it's 1215.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, I'm going to shoot him. This feels too straightforward.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, I'm going to. I'm gonna take steady aim and shoot him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So here it goes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is he in armor?
Tim Sackton: He is not wearing armor.
Tim Sackton: Bad misses.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That should be a 20, not a 19.
Tim Sackton: That misses.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wow!
Tim Sackton: Bobby's arrow glances off Apollyon's
Tim Sackton: shimmering like force around him. It just deflects off the side bonus action.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I took steady aim, so I'm all right that way.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Mike Sackton: I am going to
Mike Sackton: cast scatter.
Mike Sackton: just trying to decide if I should do it as a hold on. Just I gotta look at one thing really quick.
Mike Sackton: There's this character sheeted.
Mike Sackton: Is it worth?
Mike Sackton: So I think everybody except Welby. Where do you want to be?
Mike Sackton: Everybody move yourself anywhere. You want to be within 120 feet of your current position.
Eric Rosenbaum: How tall is this altar thing that I'm behind.
Tim Sackton: The altar that you're behind is about 15 feet tall.
David S. Kong: I guess I should just be in melee right. Why not?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Be right next to him. Be right there.
David S. Kong: I mean, what's the worst thing that happens? You know he touches me and I die. You know.
Mike Sackton: Coming into melee, too.
Mike Sackton: I'm just I think I'm gonna bonus action cast this so I can actually attack him this turn because I'm
Mike Sackton: flight's going to be a problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you mean?
Mike Sackton: I can't fly, so if he flies, then I'm useless.
Mike Sackton: I assume, Rizwood, you don't care that much about flying right.
Kate Sackton: I don't care that much about flying, but you can't really take it back. Can you?
Mike Sackton: Like cast the spell again.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, no, I'm fine on the ground.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I won't be able to engage him in Malay.
Mike Sackton: Going to cast spells, anyway.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But move yourself to wherever you want to be.
Mike Sackton: I'm I'm gonna be there seeker. You move yourself chill at night. May as well also be in melee.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, for sure.
Kate Sackton: He flies right up.
Mike Sackton: Move them 120 feet. Everybody can move 120 feet.
Kate Sackton: Tim is controlling.
Tim Sackton: Got it.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess I'll go there.
Mike Sackton: I mean, think about range of your spells, Eric. What spell are you going to cast? And is it.
Eric Rosenbaum: 75 foot range T.
Mike Sackton: So I'm making that a bonus action.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And then I'm going to attack him.
Tim Sackton: You appear next to him, and he turns and looks at you.
Mike Sackton: That messy gonna miss.
Mike Sackton: 21.
Tim Sackton: That hits, and as you strike him, roll your damage.
Mike Sackton: That hold on. Sorry. I have too many windows open.
Mike Sackton: 21.
Tim Sackton: As you strike him, he turns it and looks at you, and he utters
Tim Sackton: a word of magic in drink, Corian. That means something like horrific elf, and you take
Tim Sackton: 12 points of necrotic damage, and your next attack has made a disadvantage.
Kate Sackton: Tim, would you put the chilly night on the other side.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: Thank you.
Mike Sackton: Next attack misses.
Tim Sackton: Misses.
Mike Sackton: That was all 3 of my attacks.
Tim Sackton: That ends Dawa's turn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): May be a problem.
Tim Sackton: A polyon turns and looks at you.
David S. Kong: It was you.
Tim Sackton: Sorry looks it looks at dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Actually, let's see, Kenza's Kenza's on the ground.
Tim Sackton: Kenza's standing right now, right.
David S. Kong: I can also be flying. Well, I'm gonna fly out to attack him right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he looks. He looks at Kenzo
Tim Sackton: and he so he glares at you, and he says, pathetic, impure, half-breed humans kneel before me
Tim Sackton: make a wisdom saving throw.
David S. Kong: With advantage.
Tim Sackton: From what source?
Mike Sackton: I think I get advantage on saving throws like this.
David S. Kong: He's.
David S. Kong: I'm actually being serious. But I've got like some kind of there's something I get in savings.
Tim Sackton: Harm, or frightened.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, that's fine.
David S. Kong: E, 14.
Tim Sackton: You feel compelled to.
David S. Kong: Okay. No, no, I'm gonna use my Bardic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration.
David S. Kong: Sure. Right. We did a long rest right.
Tim Sackton: Oh, your, your reroll? Yeah, yeah, your heroic inspiration.
Mike Sackton: Don't I get bardic inspiration.
David S. Kong: Well
Mike Sackton: Secret have had to have given the map.
Tim Sackton: I'm watching.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I can.
David S. Kong: Presume the secret would have given them out before before this battle. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We forgot to do it this time.
Tim Sackton: Nobody said you were doing it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Come on, isn't it? This is the last battle.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but not we didn't. Come on. Come on.
David S. Kong: Wait. We don't. We always do this after we long rest? Don't we like? Give them out.
Tim Sackton: But it's useful to save them for reactions.
David S. Kong: Fine. Can we use it as a react? Can you use it as a reaction?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I can, right?
Tim Sackton: That uses your reaction.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
David S. Kong: Alright, so roll one to 1012.
Tim Sackton: 2012.
David S. Kong: Fuck.
Tim Sackton: You are competing to Neil.
David S. Kong: And one chip of a polyon.
Mike Sackton: 17 failed.
Tim Sackton: 17 failed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Tim Sackton: Your speed is 0 and can't be increased.
Tim Sackton: and you make attack rolls a disadvantage you can save to end at the end of your turn.
Tim Sackton: Another creature can use an action or a bonus action to make a charisma persuasion check, to convince you, to stop worshiping him.
David S. Kong: Can't I cleanse myself or can't I? Can't I?
David S. Kong: They should be immune to this.
Tim Sackton: It's not a charm or a fear effect. So.
David S. Kong: To.
Tim Sackton: And then he is going to turn and reach for deal with.
Tim Sackton: Oof, that's a 19.
Mike Sackton: To hit.
Tim Sackton: The hit that Miss.
Mike Sackton: Is this?
Tim Sackton: Turn and reach for Daweth.
Tim Sackton: That's a 24.
Mike Sackton: Shield.
Tim Sackton: So that misses.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Turn and reach for Daweth.
Tim Sackton: That's a 25.
Mike Sackton: Battlehead.
Tim Sackton: Daweth takes 37 points of psychic damage as pain racks your body.
Tim Sackton: While you're afflicted with this pain, your attacks deal half damage. At the end of each attack you can make a constitution saving throw to remove the effect.
Kate Sackton: That ends his turn.
Tim Sackton: The Chalite night's turn. What are you commanding it to do?
Kate Sackton: It has some sort of weapon. It swings right.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Make 3 attacks with its 2 attacks with its sword and one attack with this gauntlet. So it's just going to attack a polyon.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, it just goes for its usual thing.
Kate Sackton: Okay, go.
Tim Sackton: That hits that hits gauntlet. Misses
Tim Sackton: apollyon is immune to necrotic damage, but the slashing damage is still 1018.
Tim Sackton: did you, Mike, did you roll your.
Mike Sackton: I made it. Yeah, it was, wait 30. It's 15 or something like that.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Oh, no, I didn't. What is that? What do I? Actually, what is the actual role? I don't remember what I need to make? I probably actually.
Tim Sackton: Be a 16, a 17.
Mike Sackton: No, I did not.
Tim Sackton: Fly ends.
Tim Sackton: Good thing the Trailite knight and deal with are good thing. The Trailite knight is standing on the top of the statue.
Tim Sackton: Sorry the chile at night does 8 and then 14
Tim Sackton: lost 12, 8, 1412, plus 14 plus 12.
Tim Sackton: The Chalite knight does 34 points of damage as he swings 3, his 2 great sword blows hit Apollyon
Tim Sackton: and minus okay, and that ends his turn.
Tim Sackton: At this point.
Tim Sackton: It is Kenzo's turn.
David S. Kong: All right, I still say to Pollyan.
Tim Sackton: You still cite Apollyon? He is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Moment we've been.
Tim Sackton: We are 26, immune to necrotic and poison damage.
Tim Sackton: immune to charmed, exhausted, frightened, paralyzed, poisoned, and stunned.
Tim Sackton: resistant to cold and fire damage.
Tim Sackton: His bad, save is strength, his good, save is constitution, intelligence, wisdom, and charisma.
David S. Kong: 26. Wow! Pretty powerful.
David S. Kong: Okay, so I can't try to get myself through this condition until after.
Tim Sackton: End of your turn you can save again.
David S. Kong: I can't do it intentionally, though.
David S. Kong: like I can't do it now.
Tim Sackton: You just automatically get to try and break free of his command, to kneel at the end of every turn. You can still attack him. You just can't
Tim Sackton: move. So you have to use some way to like fist of Planar power or something.
David S. Kong: Hmm!
David S. Kong: But I can't move. Okay, that's fine. I'll do that. Oh, actually, I'll I'll use lang. The jaguar fist.
Tim Sackton: That's not gonna reach.
Tim Sackton: He's like he's he's like 30 feet away from you.
David S. Kong: All right. Fine. I'll use just a pain of power.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that's a strength saving throw.
Tim Sackton: It is 1715.
Tim Sackton: So he fell.
David S. Kong: All right. I do. 11 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, and you can move him. I believe.
David S. Kong: Any place. You saw the movement.
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't move him necessarily.
Kate Sackton: I mean, maybe move up a little bit over, away from everybody, but maybe not.
Mike Sackton: Well, but he's flying, and we're not so.
David S. Kong: Bring him down the ground.
Mike Sackton: Well, then, we can't attack him.
David S. Kong: Alright! Fine bye, but that's it. We'll leave him there.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: I think that's all I can do.
David S. Kong: So why don't I do my save and see if I can break free?
David S. Kong: So it's a wisdom saving throw.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Oh, my God!
David S. Kong: 12.
Tim Sackton: You are still competitor.
David S. Kong: Roll it. I'm going to do heroic. Let me reroll it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: 19.
Tim Sackton: 19, that yes.
David S. Kong: Thank God!
Tim Sackton: That ends Kinza's turn.
Tim Sackton: Riswin is up.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: I
Kate Sackton: cast a spell of
Kate Sackton: brilliant sunlight which I center with a friggity doodle over here so that he's on the edge of it, and nobody else gets hurt.
Kate Sackton: Because I don't think I have control over.
Kate Sackton: It's just everybody and.
Mike Sackton: Is it? Is it a 1 time thing, or a permanent thing?
Kate Sackton: It is a 1 time thing
Kate Sackton: it doesn't stay where it is.
Mike Sackton: Right, right, right.
Kate Sackton: Each creature.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Wait. Does it?
Kate Sackton: Duration? Instantaneous.
Tim Sackton: You're casting sunburst.
Kate Sackton: I'm casting sunburst, my blinding radiance spell.
Tim Sackton: Okay, as you do. Apollyon twists the magic around you. Make a constitution saving throw.
David S. Kong: Happen as we do? What.
Mike Sackton: He's trying to counter spell. Rislyn.
Tim Sackton: Why did you roll with advantage.
Kate Sackton: I just hit constitution saving throw. And it said, Is this a
Kate Sackton: I don't know why. I just tried to click constitution saving through? And that's what happened.
Kate Sackton: Indeed.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's fine! Normally you would use the left one if you roll twice, anyway. So
Tim Sackton: The spell takes effect.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Nice.
Kate Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: What save is it.
Kate Sackton: It's a con. 18.
Tim Sackton: Okay. He makes the stage.
Kate Sackton: Ugh!
Kate Sackton: Well, is there like, even if he makes the say.
Mike Sackton: Dad takes of the.
Kate Sackton: Half of 12. V, 6, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So, as the sunlight bursts forward, a polyon looks smugly.
Tim Sackton: taking 22 points of damage, 21 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: And looks grimly at.
Tim Sackton: Rizwin, as that ends your turn seeker, you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: So he's flying. Is that right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: He is flying. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
David S. Kong: And no.
Mike Sackton: If you create a thing right here next to him, on my turn, I was going to recast, fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not sure what you mean.
Mike Sackton: I could. If you make a construct, I can make it fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, I was gonna try to make a construct to attack him.
Mike Sackton: Saying, if you make a construct right next to him here
Mike Sackton: on my turn, I can hit me it. And the chat, White Knight, fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: But would it be able to attack on this turn?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, because it would be standing on the top of the statue.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, I'll do that, so I'll just go for the 8th level.
Eric Rosenbaum: Summon, construct.
Mike Sackton: Then you get to use your little character sheet. You need.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do plot twist amazing.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it gets 4 attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna make a metal construct.
Tim Sackton: Wait! What's the range of your wait? Where is Seeker? What's the range of summon? Construct.
Eric Rosenbaum: 90.
Tim Sackton: Clever boy!
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I did check.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So a metal, the construct statue appears.
Eric Rosenbaum: can we make a token for it?
Eric Rosenbaum: But yeah, to him.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
Eric Rosenbaum: multi attack means it has 4 attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bell attack modifier reach 5 feet. So I just, I'll just do 4 attacks.
Tim Sackton: Okay, after the.
Tim Sackton: So after the sorry. After the 1st attack, he will use
Tim Sackton: the last of his 3 reactions to foul rebuke the construct as well. It takes
Tim Sackton: 1012 points of necrotic damage, and the next attack is made with disadvantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Take the 2 rolls. So the next one misses 21 hits, and you got one.
Mike Sackton: One more attack.
Tim Sackton: Get one more.
Tim Sackton: 14.
Mike Sackton: So it hits with 2 attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. And each one is.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I forgot. I got one d. 8 plus 4 plus 8.
Eric Rosenbaum: 28 plus 12. So
Eric Rosenbaum: one and then another one.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: 18 both times 36, not bad, little construct.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Tim Sackton: That ends seeker's turn at the end of Seeker's turn. A.
Tim Sackton: Let's see.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Welby's next.
Mike Sackton: Well beat.
David S. Kong: Short. You're muted.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am going to use the arrow of seeking so.
Tim Sackton: Bust 20. The head.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So here I'm just gonna.
Tim Sackton: So you have a 1 in 400 chance of missing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a 22.
WEBVTT
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hey? Awesome!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I he is not immune to blinded right.
Kate Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: Was not immune to. Blinded, as far as you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And Dex was not one of the strong saves. So DC. 18, Dex. Save
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): last 3 dice add up to 10. So that's 14. So 27 damage plus the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): deck, save for blinded.
Tim Sackton: That is a 12.
David S. Kong: You'd find it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Mike Sackton: You appear just to be blinded.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I activate my boots of speed, and I move to the other side of the room.
Tim Sackton: How much damage was it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 27.
Tim Sackton: At the end of Welby's turn.
Tim Sackton: He looks around angry now for the 1st time.
David S. Kong: It's a look around.
Tim Sackton: What?
David S. Kong: Except he can't look around because he's warm.
Tim Sackton: You can't look around. I mean he's knows well, he doesn't know where Welby is, but he knows where the 3 of you, 2 of you right next to him are.
Tim Sackton: and he turns and unleashes a horrific twisting word.
Tim Sackton: else die.
Tim Sackton: And Dawith dies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go, what.
David S. Kong: What?
Mike Sackton: Do have more than 100 hit points. If it's power or kill.
Tim Sackton: It is word of death. His villain, action.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And then, blinded and unhappy, he turns into a cloud of mist and disappears through the floor.
Kate Sackton: How long does your blinded condition last? Welby?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 6 seconds, 10 seconds whatever around this.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Tim Sackton: So, Meta, he's fleeing next session. You're gonna have to go track him down.
Tim Sackton: Somebody might want to do something about the dead dealt with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably.
Tim Sackton: But then we'll stop.
Tim Sackton: That's the cliffhanger on ours end.
David S. Kong: Well, join the club, deal with.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Death worded as more people.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this your 1st 1st time? Congratulations!
Mike Sackton: It is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, well.
David S. Kong: Lucky you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Should we bring him back, or
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or let them go? But what do you think.
David S. Kong: He he had, you know he served us well, made us a lot of good food, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you love it, you've got to let it go, you know.
David S. Kong: That's true. That's true.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Someone get healing? Should we use potions to save spell slots.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably.
David S. Kong: We don't. We don't just. We don't just long rest in the Polyons team.
Tim Sackton: The Kenza. You could sense Apollyons, so, going deep underground.
Tim Sackton: threw a crack in the floor.
David S. Kong: Alright!
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa!
Tim Sackton: Deal with slides off, deal with dead body, slides off a statue.
Tim Sackton: feel like we probably catch catch it before it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just flops to the floor.
Tim Sackton: Looks.
Tim Sackton: Let's go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kill him!
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Lying on the floor of Apollyon's temple.
David S. Kong: raised Ed.
Kate Sackton: Do we? Is he like? Does he need more than just.
Tim Sackton: Literally dead.
Kate Sackton: He's literally.
Tim Sackton: Our goal is currently in the locks of the of the
Tim Sackton: of the building, trying to decide whether it should worm its way out and help
Tim Sackton: Polyon escape or stay in the lock.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's bad!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not ideal
David S. Kong: Double.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So as well.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: I've got so many spells I need to search greater restoration that one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Crazy.
David S. Kong: I think this is a this is a rising thing. I think this part.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's resurrection.
Kate Sackton: Resurrection, a restoration.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a scroll of resurrection.
David S. Kong: Oh, Tim, I can also holy shit! I can use my staff.
Tim Sackton: You could. Kenzo has raised dead, has key
Tim Sackton: that can pull you back. That's right.
David S. Kong: I totally can. I have very wondrous key. I have one special key that I could use for this exactly this moment.
Kate Sackton: Okay. You do that. You do that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So everyone in this room, except for me, can bring you back from the dead.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, but you, you have 1st aid.
Tim Sackton: But say like.
David S. Kong: 1st aid, hey? But just to say, if I use this key I can never use it again. It's like it's a 1 time. It's like a special magic item. I can only burn once.
Kate Sackton: Which is like the scroll that seeker has. So I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This this the time to use it, though right.
Kate Sackton: Addition.
Tim Sackton: I mean, or Rizmin can cast a spell. But.
David S. Kong: But do we want to say that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, yeah, yeah, yeah, right.
David S. Kong: Why don't we use a scroll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, let's use this girl.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I pull out the scroll of resurrection.
Tim Sackton: Seeker begins speaking the words on the scroll.
Tim Sackton: pardon!
Tim Sackton: What is the sorry? What is the casting time of resurrection?
Kate Sackton: It is hour.
Tim Sackton: So it will take an hour for you to read the school.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are we safe enough to short rest while that happens like?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or should we use the staff and do it in less than an hour.
Mike Sackton: Get! Wait! Do you not have revivify Rislin.
Kate Sackton: Which somebody told me it was supposed to be resurrection.
Mike Sackton: Well revivify, revives somebody who's died within the last minute.
Kate Sackton: Why do I met?
Kate Sackton: Oh, no! Now I'm filtering by the wrong spot.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm already reading the Resurrection scroll. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Takes one action as opposed to 1 h.
Kate Sackton: Oh, well, let's do that, then.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we wasted the scroll.
Tim Sackton: No, no.
Mike Sackton: Wow! You don't have to use the scroll.
Tim Sackton: Can stop reading it before the end. It doesn't get consumed until you finish reading it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, okay, I think I deleted it. Let me re-add it.
Tim Sackton: Riyad, so.
Kate Sackton: All right. I'm casting revivify because it's faster.
Tim Sackton: So Riswyn reaches over and touches Dali's dead body, and you hear a jerk and a
Tim Sackton: deep breath as dealt with returns to life with one hit point.
Tim Sackton: his soul pulled back by the divine magic of the gods before it had a chance to get very far.
Kate Sackton: Now we pump him through potions and healing so that he has more than one hit point.
Mike Sackton: Well, are we getting a short rest.
Kate Sackton: Sure
Kate Sackton: I mean you could short rest, and I could guard you because I gained absolutely diddly squat with a short rest.
Mike Sackton: Well, you get hit points back.
Kate Sackton: I haven't been touched.
Tim Sackton: So we don't.
Tim Sackton: This is where we're stopping for the night, so we could.
David S. Kong: Let's pick it up tomorrow.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Start this out at the beginning of next session we'll pick up. Just after dealt with was revived, Apollyon having fled into his inner sanctum.
Mike Sackton: So guess what spell I took gaseous form.
Mike Sackton: Everybody want to follow him with as gaseous form.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: That sounds amazing.
Mike Sackton: It only affects one person.
David S. Kong: I think.
David S. Kong: What's the side.
Kate Sackton: Could do the whole tremor, sense, thing and find the hidden chamber, and then just make a tunnel to it.
David S. Kong: Let's decide tomorrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, we'll pick up tomorrow.
David S. Kong: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That was awesome.